"Brims" Barone, Midway Mobster①The capo of caps, the hitman of hats, the don of donning fashionable headwear.
"Rumors of My Death . . ."①By the fourth funeral, the mooks had gotten pretty good at them.
+⓪≚≙ Mace①The weight of this magic weapon falls heavy on the wicked.
A Display of My Dark Power①"What would you say is my greatest attribute? Is it my gluttonous lust for power?"
A Good Day to Pie①"What could be funnier than one big pie to the face? Unless . . . no. Could it be that simple?"↵-Pietra, Crafter of Clowns
A Reckoning Approaches①"The gates open to my new era."
Aarakocra Sneak①"Shhh! I think I hear goblins. And I definitely smell them."
Aardwolf's Advantage①"My Abattoir Ghoul deck is unbeatable. Wait, 1996 World Champion?"↵-Johnny, to Spike
Abaddon the Despoiler①Under his rule, there is but one creed: Chaos shall reign.
Abandon Hope①As Gerrard's form vanished into the maw of trees, Hanna mouthed a silent plea, mourning a crushed dream.
Abandon the Post①You don't have to outrun the werewolf; you only have to outrun your fellow guard.
Abandoned Sarcophagus①Although long since dead, the banished dissenters finally took their vengeance.
Abattoir Ghoul①Death took his humanity but not his skill with the knife.
Abbey Gargoyles①"They don't move, do they?"↵"Only for the wrong sort of people."↵"Are *we* the wrong sort of people?"
Abbey Gargoyles①"Though Serra has not been seen for twenty years, her Gargoyles still watch over our city and punish the guilty."↵-Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Abbey Gargoyles①"Though Serra has not been seen for twenty years, her gargoyles still watch over our city and punish the guilty."↵-Gulsen, abbey matron
Abbey Griffin①"The darkness crawls with vampires and ghouls, but we are not without allies."↵-Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Abbey Matron①"The Matrons are kindly souls, but don't ask one for an ale."↵-Halina, Dwarven Trader
Abbey Matron①"The Matrons still say Serra is coming back. I bet she never even existed."↵-Murat, Death Speaker
Aberrant Researcher①"Metamorphosis is a process."↵-Laboratory notes
Abeyance①"I'm too modest a wizard to reveal the full extent of my abilities."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Abiding Grace①"Into the smothering dark, Serra spoke a single word: 'Hope.'"↵-*Song of All*, canto 2
Abjure①Mirri's hackles rose as Ertai continued expounding his virtues. "If that arrogant brat doesn't shut up soon," she growled to herself, "I'm going to have to kill him."
Abnormal Endurance①Tenacity prevails when hopes die.
Abolisher of Bloodlines①Even if the rain turned to blood, her thirst would not be slaked.
Abolish①As war raged on, the young mages became more direct in their tactics, often at great cost.
Abomination of Llanowar①"Run!" screamed its living mouths. "Come!" cried its dead ones.
Aboroth①The *Weatherlight* banked sharply as the colossal beast rose up to crush the lone rider. "My bet's on the dirt," Gerrard said flatly.
Aboshan, Cephalid Emperor①"No one can fight the tide forever."
About Face①The overconfident are the most vulnerable.
Abrade①The Falkenrath progenitor was a vicious falconer, and the line is quick to remind others of its heritage.
Abrade①The desert is a voracious beast, devouring both flesh and stone.
Abrupt Decay①The Izzet quickly suspended their policy of lifetime guarantees.
Abrupt Decay①The worst part isn't the pain, or the smell, or even the fear of death. It's hearing the clatter of bone on stone and knowing the bones are yours.
Absolute Grace①In pursuit of Urza, the Phyrexians sent countless foul legions into Serra's realm. Though beaten back, they left it tainted with uncleansable evil.
Absolute Law①The strength of law is unwavering. It is an iron bar in a world of water.
Absorb①"In your misguided attempt to subvert the law, you have eloquently explained why the law must exist."
Absorb①"Your presumption is your downfall."
Abstract Iguanart①Another moving piece by the artist El Gecko.
Abuna Acolyte①"You can break nothing I cannot mend."
Abundant Harvest①"Gaea knows what you need. Do you?"
Abundant Harvest①Mood: Surrounded by the abundance of nature.
Abyssal Gatekeeper①"There are two ways for me to pass this gate. One involves you remaining conscious."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Abyssal Horror①"I dreamt of it once. Now I fear it dreams of me."↵-Tolarian scholar
Abyssal Horror①It has no face of its own-it wears that of its latest victim.
Abyssal Hunter①Some smiles show cheer; some merely show teeth.
Abyssal Nocturnus①"I fear to keep an open mind, for there are those who would use it as a door to my soul."↵-Voka Schlak, Mauzam Asylum inmate, diary
Abyssal Persecutor①His slaves crave death more than they desire freedom. He denies them both.
Abyssal Specter①"Mystic shadow, bending near me, / Who art thou? / Whence come ye?"↵-Stephen Crane, "Mystic shadow, bending near me"
Abyssal Specter①"Open the gates, and bid them enter."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Abyssal Specter①It rides to a chorus of whispers that are more felt than heard.
Abyssal Specter①To gaze under its hood is to invite death.
Abzan Advantage①"To survive, you must seize every opportunity."↵-Daghatar the Adamant
Abzan Banner①Stone to endure, roots to remember.
Abzan Battle Priest①"Wherever I walk, the ancestors walk too."
Abzan Beastmaster①His beasts move the great siege towers of the Abzan across the endless sands.
Abzan Falconer①The fastest way across the dunes is above.
Abzan Guide①"These roads are desolate and changeable. Follow me, or die in the wastes."
Abzan Kin-Guard①"The Mardu rush headlong toward extinction. We ensure the longevity of our clan by protecting our territory, not rampaging through it."
Abzan Skycaptain①"A tempest is coming. Turn your faces toward the wind!"
Academic Dispute①"I'll show you original research, you hack!"
Academy Journeymage①"We don't choose who comes here. We choose how long they stay."
Academy Loremaster①As a young student, she dusted the shelves of Tolaria's great library. Now, she writes the books that line them.
Academy Manufactor①Automated systems at the Tolarian Academy sort new acquisitions for optimal use, determining which should be studied, eaten, or sold.
Academy Researchers①They brandish their latest theories as warriors would wield weapons.
Academy Ruins①Its secrets once wrought the greatest artifice ever known. Now crabs loot the rubble to decorate their shells.
Academy Ruins①The Tolarian Academy was home to some of the greatest discoveries in Dominaria's history-as well as its greatest tragedies.
Academy Wall①Once the Society of Mishra took control, the Tolarian Academy at Lat-Nam became a haven for dark research.
Accelerated Mutation①Its food just got a lot smaller and its stomach a lot bigger.
Accelerate①"I've seen lightning move slower."↵-Nomad sentry
Access Denied①The Saiba Futurists guard their secret experiments with ever-evolving networks of cutting-edge defensive technology.
Access Tunnel①Oriq agents stick to the dark corners of Arcavios, unseen yet ever-present.
Accomplished Alchemist①"Tincture of murkroot and lizard feet? Simple. One that doesn't taste like murkroot and lizard feet? I'm working on it."
Accomplished Automaton①Was it just lonely, or was some form of evolution inevitable?
Accorder Paladin①"I fight for the suns, the surface, and everything in between."
Accorder's Shield①An Auriok shield is polished to a mirror finish even on the inside, enabling its bearer to watch foes ahead and behind.
Accumulated Knowledge①"I have seen and heard much here. There are secrets within secrets. Let me show you."↵-Takara, to Eladamri
Accumulated Knowledge①"Learn not only from the failures of the past, but also from its triumphs."↵-Isperia
Accursed Centaur①"The Cabal mocks the natural order. For its minions, death is just a pause between duties."↵-Kamahl, druid acolyte
Accursed Spirit①Many have heard the slither of dragging armor and the soft squelch of its voice. But only its victims ever meet its icy gaze.
Acid Web Spider①Its web is an excellent source of found copper for the daring or the stupid.
Acidic Slime①"The merchant said their newt extract was cauldron safe!"
Acidic Slime①It fears no sword and leaves no bones behind.
Acidic Sliver①The first sliver burst against the cave wall, and others piled in behind to deepen the new tunnel.
Acidic Soil①Phyrexia had tried to take Urza's soul. He was relieved that Shiv tried to claim only his soles.
Acolyte Hybrid①Too obviously xenos in form to blend into human society, the acolytes haunt the dark places beneath industrial sprawls.
Acolyte of Affliction①The best healers are intimately familiar with death.
Acolyte of Bahamut①You were on a wayward path until Bahamut showed you that power and kindness can unite beneath the same banner.
Acolyte of Xathrid①Like all priests, she gives her blessings only to those truly worthy of them.
Acorn Catapult①The Kalonian word for "ammunition" is the same as the word for "bait."
Acquire①"'Ownership' is such a gray area."
Acquire①Sometimes "innovation" means "stealing another's secret before anyone else can."
Acquisition Octopus①You can never have too many arms.
Acridian①The elves of Argoth were trained to ride these creatures, even when their mounts traveled upside-down.
Acrobatic Maneuver①Renegades find ever more creative ways to work around the Consulate's aether regulations.
Act of Heroism①"On every plane, there are those who run toward danger."↵-Gideon Jura
Act of Treason①"Rage courses in every heart, yearning to betray its rational prison."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Act of Treason①"The Sultai take our dead, so we shall take their living!"↵-Taklai, Mardu ragesinger
Act of Treason①Each day uncertainty and rumors spread, and each night attendance at the Juri Revue increases.
Act of Treason①Seen through Rakdos eyes, a cruel betrayal is a hilarious stunt.
Act of Treason①She learned a tragic lesson that day: even the purest can be corrupted when the heart's emotions are twisted.
Act on Impulse①"You don't want to know what happens after I put on the goggles."
Ad Nauseam①When the task spilled over into undeath, he stopped calling it his life's work.
Adamant Will①"I refuse to die before I see the sun rise again."
Adamant Will①The shield took a year to craft, a month to enchant, and a decade to master-all for one glorious moment.
Adamaro, First to Desire①"Beware Adamaro! In him all pain and anger is perfected."↵-Isao, Enlightened Bushi
Adaptive Automaton①Always on trend.
Adaptive Automaton①Such loyalty can only be made.
Adaptive Shimmerer①"You sure you want to see what emerges? You might not like it. It definitely won't like you."↵-Kinnan, bonder prodigy
Adaptive Snapjaw①"Eh, needs more toad."↵-Gulistan, Simic biomancer
Adarkar Sentinel①"We encountered the Sentinels in the wastes, near no living thing. Their purpose was inscrutable."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Adarkar Sentinel①"We encountered the sentinels in the wastes, near no living thing. Their purpose was inscrutable."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Adarkar Unicorn①"There is no nobler creature in all of Terisiare."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Adarkar Valkyrie①She doesn't escort the dead to the afterlife, but instead raises them to fight and die again.
Adarkar Wastes①Left barren by the Brothers' War, it stands as a stark reminder of Dominaria's likely fate should the Coalition fail.
Adarkar Windform①Terisiare has only two kinds of weather: cold and weird.
Addle①"I'll wring out your tiny mind like a sponge."↵-Urborg witch
Adeliz, the Cinder Wind①The passionate intensity of the Ghitu tempered by the cool insight of Tolarian training.
Adherent of Hope①"Basri has shown me the way forward, and I will follow."
Admiral Beckett Brass①"You and your ship will make a fine addition to my fleet."
Admiral's Order①"Damn the cannons, mates. Charge!"
Adriana, Captain of the Guard①"My sword is pledged to the defense of this city, not to the throne or this usurper."
Adult Gold Dragon①Gold dragons are the greatest of the metallic dragons in size, power, and wisdom, and often take it upon themselves to safeguard mortal communities from evils that might threaten them.
Adun Oakenshield①". . . And at his passing, the bodies of the world's great warriors shall rise from their graves and follow him to battle." -*The Anvilonian Grimoire*
Adun Oakenshield①". . . And at his passing, the bodies of the world's great warriors shall rise from their graves and follow him to battle."↵-The Anvilonian Grimoire
Advance Scout①"The soldier's path is worn smooth by the tread of many feet-all in one direction, none returning."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Advanced Hoverguard①"They are like their vedalken masters: untouchable, aloof, and omnipresent."↵-Bruenna, Neurok leader
Advanced Stitchwing①"Improvement is a consequence of practice."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Advantageous Proclamation①"The beneficent council deems you worthy of favor. They hope this doesn't provoke envy from your peers."
Advent of the Wurm①The consciousness of Mat'Selesnya does not always spread in peaceful ways.
Adventure Awaits①"Good, we're all here. Let's get started!"
Adventuring Gear①An explorer's essentials in a wild world.
Adventurous Impulse①"Her quest began as all quests do, with one small step in an unexpected direction."↵-*The Explorer's Testament*
Adventurous Impulse①An adventure without a companion is hardly an adventure at all.
Adventurous Impulse①Every odyssey begins with a single step.
Advisor①Whisper in the right ear, and anything can happen
Advocate of the Beast①"I am neither their drover nor their leader. To these majestic beasts, I am simply their herdmate and nothing more."
Aegis Automaton①The streets of Ghirapur have become dangerous. It's good to have a dependable companion.
Aegis Turtle①"The endurance of the ancient turtles in a land so harsh makes a strong case for patience, tranquility, and composure."↵-Gavi, nest warden
Aegis of the Gods①Athreos cares little for the other gods' conflict with mortals. He is concerned only with safe passage for the dead.
Aegis of the Heavens①Inner strength is never seen until it makes all the difference.
Aegis of the Meek①"With this marvel, even the weak have a fighting chance!"↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Aeolipile①"Although fragile, the Aeolipile could be quite destructive."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Aeolipile①"Although fragile, the aeolipile could be quite destructive."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Aeon Engine①"Paradox? Eh, we'll worry about that yesterday."↵-Edorin, the Timesmith
Aerathi Berserker①Ærathi children who show promise are left to survive for a year in the wilderness. Those who return are shown the way of the Berserker.
Aerial Assault①"Oh, you must be mistaken. Hawks are solitary hunters, you see."↵-Bunder Diedreck, ornithologist
Aerial Caravan①Successful delivery is *not* guaranteed.
Aerial Engineer①The best of their trade know every bolt of their rigs, stem to stern.
Aerial Guide①"Kefnet taught us to turn obstacles into advantages."↵-Neponem, vizier of Kefnet
Aerial Maneuver①"When you put all of yourself into an attack, without fear or hesitation, in that instant you may attain greatness."↵-Predak, Gateless freemage
Aerial Predation①In the towering trees of the Samok Stand and the predators that guard them, the might of the Ravnican wild has returned.
Aerial Responder①Dwarves have an instinct for repair, an inherent understanding of how systems work, and a reputation for fearlessness. They're perfect candidates for the Fair's emergency response team.
Aerial Volley①Drakes can swerve to avoid a single arrow, but they can't dodge the whole sky.
Aerialephant①Everyone wants to talk about the elephant in this room.
Aerie Mystics①They are cautious with their body language and facial expressions. Any stray movement could betray the positions of the troops they protect and cost many lives.
Aerie Worshippers①They can conjure stars from a clear sky.
Aeromoeba①Some clouds heed no wind.
Aeromunculus①"The absence of binocular vision imposes certain challenges for a flying creature, which are overcome via echolocation."↵-Simic research notes
Aeronaut Admiral①The Consulate recruits its best pilots from the League of Aeronauts. Many go on to command entire fleets.
Aeronaut Tinkerer①"All tinkerers have their heads in the clouds. I don't intend to stop there."
Aeronaut Tinkerer①Magic.Wizards.com
Aesi, Tyrant of Gyre Strait①"To sail through those waters is to offer oneself as tribute."↵-Captain Hoyrik
Aesthir Glider①"A fine example of the rewards of artifice: a thoroughly obedient steed with wings of Soldevi steel."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Aesthir Glider①"Sacrilege! A noble ally in life, made nothing more than a glorified kite in death!"↵-Arna Kennerud, Skycaptain
Aesthir Glider①"Sacrilege! A noble ally in life, made nothing more than a glorified kite in death!"↵-Arna Kennerud, skycaptain
Aesthir Glider①An ancient device recovered from a thawing glacier high in the Karplusan mountains.
Aether Adept①"The universe is my instrument, and the song I play upon it is one you are forbidden to hear."
Aether Adept①Some mages do their best work in solitude. Others do their best work creating it.
Aether Barrier①"Creatures fade in and out of existence. It's an unfortunate side effect. The losses are tolerable."↵-Belbe
Aether Burst①As fleeting as a cephalid's promise.
Aether Charge①"Is it just me, or does that meteor have teeth?"
Aether Flash①"You can't get there from here. Well, you *can*-it just won't be fun."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Aether Flash①"You can't get there from here. Well, you can-it just won't be fun."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Aether Flash①As the foul beast appeared, arcane lightning crackled around it.
Aether Gale①The militia formed up in the central plaza awaiting the onslaught, but the giants never quite made it.
Aether Gust①The chill wind extinguishes flame, and frosts the leaf on the branch.
Aether Gust①The cleansing winds swept away all traces of the demon, until not even his legend remained.
Aether Helix①Some Quandrix mages prefer to study at twilight, watching their experimental equations trace glowing trails against the encroaching darkness.
Aether Hub①It powers the dreams of Ghirapur.
Aether Shockwave①"The strain upon the veil between worlds began to show near the end of the Kami War. Strange happenings that neither side could control lashed out across Kamigawa."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Aether Snap①"May you wake to find you were only ever a dream."↵-Mephidross curse
Aether Spellbomb①"Release that which was never caged."↵-Spellbomb inscription
Aether Sting①When Gatha fell, he was called to account for each abomination he created.
Aether Storm①"I do love the rain . . . but this storm feels somehow wrong, Taysir."↵-Daria
Aether Storm①Thunder in the wind / no rain / peace mourns its passing.
Aether Tide①The tide of magic brought them here. Now it would take them home.
Aether Tradewinds①"The wind smells of misfortune. Check your knots."↵-Anitan, Ondu cleric
Aether Tradewinds①Consulate engineers have developed safe methods of harvesting aether, but renegades aren't always so careful.
Aether Tunnel①If you can't find a doorway, make one.
Aetherborn Marauder①"I don't know what that is or who it belongs to, but it's shiny and I want it."
Aetherflux Reservoir①While most power is used for ordinary, everyday tasks, one shouldn't underestimate its potential for the extraordinary.
Aethergeode Miner①Gremlins in the wild feed on nodules of pure aether, which are also prized by miners.
Aetherize①"You can come back once you've learned some manners-and figured out how to reconstitute your physical forms."
Aetherize①No berzerker charge can stand against the psychic might of the Hive Mind.
Aetherplasm①Its fickle form holds hints of a thousand former identities.
Aethershield Artificer①Most smiths shape metal, but some prefer more delicate materials.
Aethersnatch①"You were saying?"
Aetherspouts①"Don't worry, there's plenty for everyone."↵-Vickon, Eleventh Company battlemage
Aethertide Whale①"To survive up here, I've learned when to use my harpoon and when to just enjoy the view."↵-Kadhu, skywhaler
Aetherwind Basker①Its frill inspired the design of efficient aether collectors.
Affa Guard Hound①Once a welcoming hub for explorers, Affa became a place of guarded tongues and quick defenses.
Affa Protector①"Through all the terrors we face, I hold on to the memory of the world before the Eldrazi came. I'd like to see that world again."
Affectionate Indrik①The problem isn't the indrik's enthusiasm, it's Ravnica's lack of guardrails.
Afflicted Deserter①The rising of the first full moon eliminated any doubt as to the horrible truth lurking within.
Afflict①One rarely notices a heartbeat, save when it is stolen.
Afflict①When one of the Patriarch's champions displeased him, he would only shake his finger. That was enough.
Afterlife①Facets of life, reflections of the soul.
Aftershock①"Every act of destruction has a repercussion."↵-Karn, silver golem
Agadeem's Awakening①"Now is the death-hour, just before dawn. Wake, sleepers, and haunt the living!"↵-Vivias, Witch Vessel
Agadeem, the Undercrypt①"Here below the hedron fields, souls and secrets lie entombed."↵-Vivias, Witch Vessel
Ageless Entity①Tel-Jilad's sworn protectors are the trolls, yet more fearsome protectors were created by the Tangle itself.
Ageless Guardian①Ancient ruins dot the world of Arcavios, most older than Strixhaven itself and many still guarded by soldiers from the Blood Age, centuries after their deaths.
Agent of Erebos①Erebos's minions hunt the Returned and warn those who consider the same folly.
Agent of Horizons①The light in the woods just before dawn reveals a glimmering network of branches, roots, and spiderwebs. The acolytes of Kruphix walk this lattice unseen.
Agent of Masks①"Two-faced" is an understatement.
Agent of Masks①"You say that I am two-faced? Enough with the flattery. We have business to conduct."
Agent of Shauku①"Go ahead. Take it. You'll be so very powerful . . . and what harm can it do?"
Agent of Stromgald①"The 'fabled' Order of Stromgald is cast to the four winds, lost for all time. I, for one, give them no thought."↵-General Varchild
Agent of Stromgald①"The Order of Stromgald spreads its poisonous lies from within Varchild's troops, and still she sees only visions of conquest."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Agent of Treachery①"The more secrets you have, the more easily you become my pawn."
Agent of the Fates①"You are breathing borrowed air."
Agent of the Iron Throne①You give your clients what they want at a fair price. What happens after that is none of your concern.
Agent of the Shadow Thieves①Your skill, dexterity, and moral flexibility make you a valuable asset to your guild.
Aggravate①"Barbarians! They burned my favorite chair! We'll kill them all!"↵-Anje Falkenrath
Aggression①The star that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Aggressive Instinct①"Mowu was wary that day, as though he sensed the danger ahead."↵-Jiang Yanggu's travelogue
Aggressive Mammoth①"Approach from behind. That way, if it does charge, at least you aren't in front of it."↵-Vivien Reid
Aggressive Mining①Designed by Markus Persson
Aggressive Sabotage①Squee's orders basically came down to "attack the squishy parts."
Aggressive Urge①"Our lives, our homes, and all our history are at risk. Do not speak to me of peace."
Aggressive Urge①The power of the wild, concentrated in a single charge.
Agonizing Memories①"An innocent man died because of my anger. That knowledge will haunt me for all eternity."↵-Karn, silver golem
Agonizing Memories①"I think little of the foes I've slain. But I'm haunted by the friends I've sent to die."↵-The Southern Paladin
Agonizing Memories①In the aftermath of war, when the slaying is long done, the greatest miseries come home to roost.
Agonizing Remorse①"Guilt is not absolution. Regret is not justice. But it is right that you suffer."↵-Extus Narr
Agonizing Remorse①The sharp memory of Daxos's death stabbed into Elspeth's soul.
Agonizing Syphon①"Your death will take a mere moment, but it will feel like an eternity."↵-Vilis, Broker of Blood
Agony Warp①Life's circle has become inverted in Grixis. The same energy is endlessly recycled and becomes more stagnant with each pass.
Agoraphobia①"Everyone in this city is choosing sides. I choose inside."
Agrus Kos, Wojek Veteran①Lieutenant Kos has never met a group of recruits he could not inspire or a mob he could not quell.
Ahn-Crop Champion①"The Second Sun nears its destination! Let it light the way to ours!"
Ahn-Crop Crasher①"Hesitation breeds dissension. To be worthy of the next life, you must never look back."↵-Anep, vizier of Hazoret
Ahn-Crop Invader①"Give me a crew like this one and I'd rule any sea I sailed."↵-Angrath
Aid the Fallen①"I never liked you. Now get up-we have a fight to finish."
Aim High①"A slayer gets by on wits and reflexes."↵-Higa, slayer-captain of Gatstaf
Aim for the Head①"Works every time."↵-Halana, Kessig ranger
Ainok Artillerist①"In the Tarkir I once knew, the Abzan revered their ancestor trees. Now, as Dromoka, they cut their finest groves to make weapons."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Ainok Bond-Kin①"Hold the line, for family and the fallen!"
Ainok Tracker①"The ainok are wild dogs, not fit to join us around the fire."↵-Surrak, the Hunt Caller
Ainok Tracker①Some ainok of the mountains are accepted among the Temur as trusted hunt-mates.
Air Bladder①Random mutations among Rootwater merfolk were common-and disturbing.
Air Elemental①"The East Wind, an interloper in the dominions of Westerly Weather, is an impassive-faced tyrant with a sharp poniard held behind his back for a treacherous stab."↵-Joseph Conrad, *The Mirror of the Sea*
Air Elemental①As insubstantial, and as powerful, as the wind that carries it.
Air Elemental①As the ship approached, the jade totem rose high overhead. Power rippled. Eyes of stone glowed and crackled. Out hissed a breath of the world, and a windstorm came alive.
Air Elemental①Pray that it doesn't seek the safety of your lungs.
Air Elemental①These spirits of the air are winsome and wild and cannot be truly contained. Only marginally intelligent, they often substitute whimsy for strategy, delighting in mischief and mayhem.
Air Elemental①These spirits of the air are winsome and wild, and cannot be truly contained. Only marginally intelligent, they often substitute whimsy for strategy, delighting in mischief and mayhem.
Air Elemental①Where psycho meets cyclone.
Air Servant①"Wind is forceful, yet ephemeral. It can knock a dragon out of the sky, yet pass through the smallest crack unhindered."↵-Jestus Dreya, *Of Elements and Eternity*
Air Servant①Wind is forceful, yet ephemeral. It can knock a dragon out of the sky, yet pass through the smallest crack unhindered.
Air-Cult Elemental①Elemental Evil distorts the natural elements, limiting them to aspects of destruction.
Airborne Aid①"We help our Southern Order comrades as much as we can. But the Cabal's insidious influence spreads, dividing our forces and leaving new arrivals to fend for themselves."↵-Commander Eesha
Airdrop Aeronauts①"Supplies inbound. Keep that pressure on."
Airdrop Condor①It has two kinds of droppings, neither of which is particularly pleasant.
Ajani's Chosen①"United, our roar will level mountains."
Ajani's Comrade①"I will go where the lion-man leads."
Ajani's Mantra①"He hasn't returned to the Cloud Forest. But I can still sense his calming presence."↵-Zaliki of Naya
Ajani's Pridemate①"When one of us prospers, the pride prospers."↵-Jazal Goldmane
Ajani's Pridemate①Planeswalkers conjured replicas of old allies, reminders of the homeworlds that would fall next if Bolas prevailed.
Ajani's Sunstriker①"Ajani goes where he is needed most and in his name we keep his lands safe."
Ajani's Welcome①"You cannot defend others if your own well-being is neglected."
Akiri, Fearless Voyager①"No angel bars our ascent. Emeria waits above!"
Akiri, Line-Slinger①Her bold movements are anchored in the careful precision of each rope.
Akki Avalanchers①Among Godo's hordes, "beware of falling rocks" came to mean "akki live nearby."
Akki Blizzard-Herder①"It remains unclear whether the akki shamans could in fact create storms or simply predicted them."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Akki Coalflinger①No matter where you find them, goblins love rocks.
Akki Drillmaster①"What part of 'hayaku ikee!' did you not understand?"
Akki Ember-Keeper①"Follow my lantern, little ones."
Akki Raider①Akki were very territorial, attacking and destroying any settlements that came too close to their mountain homes. The more successful their raids, the bolder they became.
Akki Rockspeaker①The lava-proof shells of akki evolved over centuries, as akki pranks almost always got seriously out of hand.
Akki Ronin①"Carry the heat of the furnace in your steel, and never let it fade."↵-Keni-Keni, akki smith
Akki Underling①"I lost my hounds in the war and thus found myself employing akki as servants. I found their training to be remarkably similar."↵-Kensuke, houndmaster
Akki Underminer①"Deep inside the Sokenzan Mountains, a band of akki discovered a cache of ancient items of power. Their ensuing spree of destruction became known as 'The Three Days of Fun.'"↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Akki War Paint①Akki paint bright, bold designs on their salvaged Imperial mechs, leaving no doubt as to who they belong to now.
Akoum Boulderfoot①"If you're in Akoum and you glimpse a shadow overhead, the worst thing you can do is duck."↵-Chadir the Navigator
Akoum Flameseeker①In the face of extinction, the most perilous endeavors can be cause for hope.
Akoum Hellhound①Hellhound packs roam the Spikefields, basking in the harsh sunlight and lighting the night with their flames.
Akoum Teeth①"Rock. Lava. Gravity. They're not cruel, but they're not forgiving either."↵-Tyrux, expedition warrior
Akoum Warrior①"I'm not cruel, but I have no patience for your mistakes."↵-Tyrux, expedition warrior
Akrasan Squire①Bant's armies are primarily composed of members of the Mortar caste, loyal commoners who haven't yet earned a sigil.
Akroan Conscriptor①"The time to serve is now."
Akroan Crusader①An Akroan soldier's worth is measured by the number of swords raised by his battle cry.
Akroan Hoplite①"Fair fight? How could it be a fair fight? We're Akroans. They're not."
Akroan Jailer①He ensures escape attempts are just that-attempts.
Akroan Line Breaker①The enemies' shields are the first to shatter, and their battle line is never far behind.
Akroan Mastiff①Even when many of the soldiers who guarded Akros were called away, its safety was never in doubt.
Akroan Phalanx①Shields up, spears out, heels set, hearts firm.
Akroan Skyguard①"Trust me. When you have earned a god's favor, you'll know."
Akroma's Blessing①The clerics saw her as a divine gift. She saw them only as allies in her war against Phage.
Akroma's Devoted①Akroma asked for only one thing from her troops: unwavering, unconditional loyalty.
Akroma's Memorial①"No rest. No mercy. No matter what."↵-Memorial inscription
Akroma's Vengeance①"Many must die for the one who should not have perished."
Akroma's Vengeance①Ixidor had only to imagine their ruin and Akroma made it so.
Akroma, Angel of Wrath①"No rest. No mercy. No matter what."
Akroma, Angel of Wrath①"Wrath is no vice when inflicted upon the deserving."
Akroma, Angel of Wrath①Although she wore Nivea's kind face, her heart held nothing but vengeance.
Aku Djinn①"Your arrogance amazes me, Kaervek. Did you not know the price you would pay?"↵-Mangara
Al-abara's Carpet①Al-abara simply laughed and lifted one finger, and the carpet carried her high out of our reach.
Alabaster Kirin①The appearance of a kirin signifies the passing or arrival of an important figure. As word of sightings spread, all the khans took it to mean themselves. Only the shaman Chianul thought of Sarkhan Vol.
Alabaster Leech①"Its stones seem to serve a healing function, but removing them intact is an exhausting process."↵-Tolarian research notes
Alabaster Mage①"We hold sacred the powers of light and life. Truth and honor are our greatest weapons."↵-Alabaster creed
Alabaster Potion①"Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity." -D'Avenant proverb
Alabaster Potion①"Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity."↵-D'Avenant proverb
Alabaster Potion①Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.↵-D'Avenant proverb
Alabaster Wall①Its mortar is mixed with waters straight from the Fountain of Cho.
Alaborn Cavalier①"Course he ran! *I* wouldn't want to stare down that barrel, either!"↵-Alaborn soldier
Alaborn Grenadier①"Ever proud, ever vigilant."↵-Grenadier motto
Alaborn Musketeer①Muskets gave the Alaborn army an advantage it had long lacked-air defense.
Alaborn Trooper①"I dedicate my body to my country And my life to my King."↵-Alaborn Soldier's Oath
Aladdin's Ring①". . . The magician drew a ring off his finger . . . , saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'"↵-*The Arabian Nights*,↵Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring①". . . [T]he magician drew a ring off his finger . . . , saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'"↵-*The Arabian Nights*,↵Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring①"A good lamp will light your way. A good ring will clear it."↵-Nervan, royal jeweler
Aladdin's Ring①"After these words the magician drew a ring off his finger, and put it on one of Aladdin's, saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'" -*The Arabian Nights*, Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring①"After these words the magician drew a ring off his finger, and put it on one of Aladdin's, saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'"↵-The Arabian Nights, Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring①Some say Aladdin's third wish was for this ring.
Alarum①"One timely cry of warning can save nine of surprise."↵-Sidar Jabari
Alchemist's Apprentice①Side effects may include foul odors, scalding steam, and spontaneous nonexistence.
Alchemist's Greeting①"Impressive."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Alchemist's Refuge①Persecuted alchemists fled deep into Kessig's wilds, seeking solitude to continue their ghoulish craft.
Alchemist's Retrieval①To most, a terrifying apparition. To a necro-alchemist, a potent fuel source.
Alchemist's Vial①A weapon best suited for those with good aim and steady hands.
Alela, Artful Provocateur①"Rankle's pranks are child's play. My games will topple kingdoms."
Alena, Kessig Trapper①"Halana and I have a bond that'll never be broken."
Alert Heedbonder①Considering the zealous armies, vile poachers, and titanic monsters, it's always wise to keep one eye on the horizon.
Alert Shu Infantry①Kongming's predecessor helped Liu Bei win the battle of Fancheng by recognizing and defeating Cao Ren's use of the dreaded "Eight Gold Locks" formation.
Alesha's Vanguard①Boundaries drawn on maps or marked with stone have no meaning for the Mardu.
Alesha, Who Smiles at Death①"Greet death with sword in hand."
Alesha, Who Smiles at Death①"Our history is one hand reaching out to another."
Alexi's Cloak①"Doesn't look like much, does it?"↵-Alexi, zephyr mage
Alexi, Zephyr Mage①The Keldons didn't know her name, but they still cursed her in battle.
Algae Gharial①It lurks just under the surface, using the algae-choked tar pits of Jund as both home and hunting blind.
Alhammarret's Archive①It contains the totality of Alhammarret's notes, theories, and ponderings.
Ali Baba①"When he reached the entrance of the cavern, he pronounced the words, 'Open, Sesame!'" -*The Arabian Nights*, Junior Classics trans.
Ali Baba①"When he reached the entrance of the cavern, he pronounced the words, 'Open, Sesame!'"↵-*The Arabian Nights*, Junior Classics trans.
Aliban's Tower①"The people of Aysen built their roads with stones from these wonders. Aliban would be pleased with their ingenuity."↵-Baki, Wizard Attendant
Aliban's Tower①"Those who hide in hollow towers would do well to remember the rain."↵-Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Aligned Hedron Network①The last hedron slotted into place, locking Ulamog in an infinite loop of binding energy.
Alirios, Enraptured①"Why would I ever want to look away?"
All Is Dust①"The emergence of the Eldrazi isn't necessarily a bad thing, as long as you've already lived a fulfilling and complete life without regrets."↵-Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
All Shall Smolder in My Wake①"It's my goal to find the melting point of every substance."
All Suns' Dawn①"When the fifth sun rose, Mirrodin saw its first true dawn."↵-Inscribed on the skin of Thrun, the last troll
All That Glitters①A faerie's glee at her trove quickly fades to contentment, then to boredom, then to an urge to steal more.
All in Good Time①"Take a moment. Ponder the depths of your insignificance."
Alley Evasion①"Sure, you know the law. But I know the streets."
Alley Grifters①One distracts the victim, the other extracts the valuables.
Alley Strangler①"You never know what day might be your last."
Allied Assault①A common foe is the death of old hatreds.
Allied Reinforcements①"Our formation was scattered after Sea Gate fell. If you're fighting the Eldrazi, consider us your newest recruits."
Allied Strategies①Each commander looked at the others and wondered who would be first to break the alliance.
Alloy Golem①"We turned old weapons into new warriors."↵-Jhoira, master artificer
Alloy Myr①With or without witnesses, the suns continued their prismatic dance.
Allure of the Unknown①The light of hope blinded Pantor to the ills of the world.
Alluring Scent①Doom rarely smells this sweet.
Alluring Scent①No earthly armor is protection against this sweetness.
Alluring Siren①"The ground polluted floats with human gore,↵And human carnage taints the dreadful shore↵Fly swift the dangerous coast: let every ear↵Be stopp'd against the song! 'tis death to hear!"↵-Homer, *The Odyssey*, trans. Pope
Alluring Siren①She lures victims with promises of flesh, captures them in a net of deceit, and destroys them in the embrace of the sea.
Alluring Suitor①"May I have this dance?"
Almighty Brushwagg①Laughed at the brushwagg↵-Hunters' expression meaning "died unexpectedly"
Alms Beast①Alms-coins are only redeemable at Orzhov businesses.
Alms Collector①"There is no justice when some profit and others go without."
Alms①"Helping people is mostly a matter of teaching them to help themselves."↵-Sisay, journal
Alpha Authority①Even the bitterest enemies of the Burning-Tree Clan respect the strength of Borborygmos's rule.
Alpha Brawl①Being an alpha means proving it every full moon.
Alpha Guard①"Whimsy overflow in sector G! The gremlins are rampaging and the beebles are on fire!"
Alpha Guard①"Whimsy overflow in sector G! The gremlins are rampaging and the beetles are on fire!"
Alpha Kavu①Kavu leaders instinctively protect their herds from harm.
Alpha Myr①First to charge, first to fight.
Alpha Status①The best leaders are made by their followers.
Alpha Tyrranax①Hunger seized the tyrranax, and the Sylvok's vision quest ended in disaster.
Alpine Grizzly①The Temur welcome bears into the clan, fighting alongside them in battle. The relationship dates back to when they labored side by side under Sultai rule.
Alpine Meadow①"Here perished Rognar the Reckless after his hundred-day battle with the Ironmaw Dragon. We raised these stones to mark his resting place."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Alpine Moon①"A rare and fascinating phenomenon."↵-Tamiyo
Alpine Watchdog①"On the eighth day, a blizzard hit. Supplies were lost, and morale plummeted. On the ninth day, Dover found us."↵-*To the Summit: A Tale of Survival*
Alseid of Life's Bounty①"Dawn-kissed, he nourishes the golden grain."↵-Psemilla, Meletian poet
Altar of Dementia①"It is not that you will go mad. It is that you will beg for madness."↵-Volrath
Altar of the Brood①Supplicants offer flesh and silver, flowers and blood. The altar takes what it will, eyes gleaming with unspoken promises.
Altar of the Goyf①"What dies grows the [illegible]"↵-Clawed-out statue inscription
Altar's Light①"The altar does nothing; the device is crushed under the weight of its own impurity."↵-Ushanti, leonin seer
Altar's Reap①"Don't worry, your death will be as informative as possible."↵-Gorghul, augur of skulls
Altar's Reap①"I will secure my revenge on Zendikar one soul at a time."↵-Ob Nixilis
Altar's Reap①"The demons don't care if we mutter niceties and act out ceremonies. Just kill him."↵-Bishop Volpaig, servant of Griselbrand
Aluren①Squee bounced up and down. "I sees a horsey, an' a piggy, an' a-"↵"If you don't shut up," hissed Mirri, "you'll see a kidney and a spleeny."
Always Watching①"We pray to Avacyn on high. On snow-white wings fearless you fly. Keep safe our souls. Keep safe our lives. May angels watch us from the skies."↵-Children's prayer
Always Watching①"We pray to Avacyn on high.↵On snow-white wings fearless you fly.↵Keep safe our souls. Keep safe our lives.↵May angels watch us from the skies."↵-Children's prayer
Amaranthine Wall①Neither its appearance nor its temperature varies as the years pass, an eternal testament to the forces that shaped Dominaria.
Amareth, the Lustrous①"Come closer, dear, and let me see that bauble. I've got a match for it somewhere..."
Amareth, the Lustrous①"Come closer, dear, and let me see that bauble. I've got a match for it somewhere…"
Amass the Components①"I knew I'd find a use for all that newt spittle!"
Amateur Auteur①And thus at Maze's End↵the runners end their strife.↵Our saving grace, that hooded kid,↵is now Guildpact for life.↵-*RAVNICA! The Musical*
Amateur Auteur①Elspeth, blessed by Heliod,↵stepped up where the hydra trod.↵Soon afterward, a lesson learned:↵attack the Champion, get burned!↵-*THEROS! The Musical*
Amateur Auteur①So Griselbrand was bound,↵his rage brought to a halt.↵'Til Lili Vess came 'round↵asking, "Hey, what's in the vault?"↵-*INNISTRAD! The Musical*
Amateur Auteur①The two Eldrazi titans fell↵and set the ground a-rumbling!↵"How come no one ever listens?"↵old Ugin flew off grumbling.↵-*ZENDIKAR! The Musical*
Ambassador Laquatus①"He smiles with poisoned lips."↵-Empress Llawan
Ambassador Laquatus①"Life is a game. The only thing that matters is whether you're a pawn or a player."
Ambassador Oak①Treefolk and elves share a common interest in the forests, but really the elves just feel at home with the view from above.
Ambition's Cost①"Conquering your first world is the hardest, after all. My power grew as I moved from world to world, taking anything that would make the next taking easier."↵-Ob Nixilis
Ambition's Cost①"Knowledge demands sacrifice."
Ambition's Cost①"Of course it can be yours. Anything is possible for the right price. Speaking of which . . ."
Ambition's Cost①"When you give offense to heaven, to whom can you pray?"↵-Cao Cao, quoting Confucius
Ambition's Cost①The waters of wisdom are as dust in the mouth of one who thirsts for power.
Ambitious Aetherborn①Aetherborn who are unwilling to accept the decomposition of their bodies invent ways to preserve and augment themselves.
Ambitious Assault①In the clangor and chaos of the akki attack, few even noticed the frogs on their heads.
Ambitious Dragonborn①The raging green dragon left destruction-and at least one admirer-in its wake.
Ambuscade①"Spent a lifetime learning from predators. Picked up a few tricks."
Ambush Krotiq①The Abzan merchants soon discovered why this route was clear of dragons.
Ambush Party①"Call it a cost of doing business. The best way to protect against thieves is to hire better thieves."↵-Eron the Relentless
Ambush Party①"Fair fight? I'll take survival over chivalry any day!"↵-Tor Wauki, Bandit King
Ambush Party①"The roads to Koskun Keep are mostly safe these days. Mostly."↵-Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Ambush Viper①"Living creatures seldom impress me. But I like this one."↵-Uta Falkenrath
Ambush①"Don't these goons have anything better to do?"↵-Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Amethyst Dragon①"At least it's a beautiful way to die."↵-Erinis, gloom stalker
Amnesia①"When one has witnessed the unspeakable, 'tis sometimes better to forget." -Vervamon the Elder
Amnesia①"When one has witnessed the unspeakable, 'tis sometimes better to forget."↵-Vervamon the Elder
Amok①Crovax's rage was horrifying. Within moments only blood and shreds of flesh remained of the shapeshifter.
Amorphous Axe①A weapon forged for every hand.
Amped Up①Space can be a lawless place-far from the praying eyes of electrical inspectors.
Amped Up①Space can be a lawless place-far from the prying eyes of electrical inspectors.
Amphibious Kavu①Merfolk raided the shores untroubled for years . . . until the shores started fighting back.
Amphin Cutthroat①"The amphin have long built their society in secret. While surface dwellers squabbled over trivial borders, they patiently expanded, building their ammonite temple-caves. Now amphin priests eye the shore, and amphin hunters gird for war."↵-Gor Muldrak, *Cryptohistories*
Amphin Pathmage①"There are those who do not believe in the existence of the amphin. This seems somehow to be of their own design."↵-Gor Muldrak, *Cryptohistories*
Ampryn Tactician①"It's all a game. You shouldn't get too attached to the pieces."
Amrou Kithkin①Quick and agile, Amrou Kithkin can usually escape from even the most fearsome opponents.
Amrou Scout①The people of Amrou were scattered by war and driven into hiding. Scouts maintain the beacon fires that signal "return" and "home."
Amrou Seekers①The paradise of Amrou Haven had become a field of cinders. Its people struggled to survive, hoping to see visions of its past in the strange storms that quickly passed.
Amugaba①The aven claim it feeds on thunder and rainbows.
Amulet of Kroog①Among the first allies Urza gained were the people of Kroog. As a sign of friendship, Urza gave the healers of the city potent amulets; afterwards, thousands journeyed to Kroog in hope of healing, greatly adding to the city's glory.
Amulet of Kroog①Among the first allies Urza gained were the people of Kroog. As a sign of friendship, Urza gave the healers of the city potent amulets; afterwards, thousands journeyed to Kroog in hope of healing.
Amulet of Safekeeping①Whether it is magical, lucky, or merely old, it is cherished, and that gives it power.
Amulet of Unmaking①Trade to trade, not to keep.↵-Suq'Ata motto
Amulet of Vigor①"After years of study, I've learned an important lesson: the relics we watch may be watching us back."↵-Anowon, the Ruin Sage
Amulet of Vigor①"Angels guide me while I wake,↵and I will watch for evil's creep.↵Angels guard me while I dream,↵and I will rest in peaceful sleep."↵-Amulet inscription
An Incident Has Occurred①"So sorry, but per our waiver, we're not responsible for 'things happening.'"
An Incident Has Occurred①"So sorry, but, per our waiver, we're not responsible for 'things happening.'"
An Offer You Can't Refuse①Elspeth wanted answers. Xander needed a spy. Their paths were destined to cross.
An-Havva Constable①"Joskun and the other Constables serve with passion, if not with grace."↵-Devin, Faerie Noble
An-Havva Constable①"Joskun and the other constables serve with passion, if not with grace."↵-Devin, faerie noble
An-Havva Inn①"The Inn was ever a steady source of good cheer and kindness. Greatly do I miss it, now that I am gone."↵-Ihsan's Shade
An-Havva Township①Folk of good heart will always find a home.
An-Zerrin Ruins①"The An-Zerrins have served me well, ever since I first killed them."↵-Baron Sengir
Ana Disciple①"The blessings of Gaea alone are no longer enough."
Anaba Ancestor①"The Ancestors are the wisdom of the tribe and the soul of the Homelands. I am eternally in their debt."↵-Taysir
Anaba Bodyguard①"Not all Minotaurs are tribal. Some are freelance."↵-Eron the Relentless
Anaba Bodyguard①"Not all minotaurs are tribal. Some are freelance."↵-Eron the Relentless
Anaba Bodyguard①"Not someone to pick a fight with, unless you're fond of pain."↵-Halina, Dwarven Trader
Anaba Bodyguard①"They who challenge a minotaur enjoy the taste of their own blood."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Anaba Shaman①"Few master the powers of the earth as well as do the Shamans of the Minotaurs."↵-Baki, Wizard Attendant
Anaba Shaman①"The Shamans? Ha! They are mere craven cows not capable of true magic."↵-Irini Sengir
Anaba Shaman①"The shamans? Ha! They are craven cows not capable of true magic."↵-Irini Sengir
Anaba Shaman①Just try taking *this* bull by the horns.
Anaba Spirit Crafter①"The Spirit Crafters sing of all our people. They sing of those lost, of those found, and of those who are yet to be."↵-Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Anaconda①If you're smaller than the anaconda, it considers you food. If you're larger than the anaconda, it considers you a lot of food.
Anaconda①Something soft bumped against the rowboat, then was gone.
Anaconda①You'll never find an anaconda in a swamp. It will always find you first.
Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit①Martyred for worshipping her ancestors, she now walks among them.
Anafenza, the Foremost①Rarely at rest on the Amber Throne, Anafenza always leads the Abzan Houses to battle.
Anarchist①"I'll take that. You won't need it when the revolution comes."
Anarchist①Those who will not follow are doomed to lead.
Anarchy①"The Shaman waved the staff, and the land itself went mad."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Anarchy①"The shaman waved the staff, and the land itself went mad."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Anax and Cymede①Akros's greatest heroes are also its royalty.
Ancestor Dragon①It is said that Yinglong gave birth to the qilin and the phoenix, and after them, all of the hairy and winged beings in the world. Thus it is known as the Ancestor Dragon.
Ancestor Dragon①It is said that Yinglong gave birth to the qilin and the phoenix, and after them, all the hairy and winged beings in the world. Thus it is known as the Ancestor Dragon.
Ancestor's Chosen①"The will of all, by my hand done."
Ancestor's Chosen①Empowered by generations of strength.
Ancestor's Embrace①"Thank you, Grandmother. I love you too."
Ancestor's Prophet①"We have faced horrors of war and terrors beyond imagining. We will overcome the uncertainties of this new life."
Ancestral Anger①"One vampire for every family member I've lost."
Ancestral Mask①"I pass to you all we have ever been. Go forth and become all we never could."
Ancestral Mask①The masks, like the ancient trees they're grown from, lend strength to the dryads.
Ancestral Memories①"Even the ancient storytellers proclaimed Zhalfir to be dominant over all Jamuraa. Kaervek's invasion shocked us all."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Ancestral Memories①"It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards."↵-Lewis Carroll,↵*Through the Looking Glass*
Ancestral Recall①2005 Vintage Championship Winner
Ancestral Recall①2013 Vintage Championship Winner
Ancestral Recall①2018 Europe Vintage Champion
Ancestral Statue①The mage awakened the statue in hopes of learning the lost lore of her clan, but the statue was interested only in war.
Ancestral Vengeance①The defenses of the Abzan extend well beyond the walls of their fortresses.
Anchor to Reality①The Wanderer sighed in relief as the Reality Chip tethered her wayward spark to Kamigawa.
Ancient Amphitheater①The arbiter Galanda Feudkiller judges Lorwyn's squabbles from a lofty perspective.
Ancient Animus①Multani's mind grasped for consciousness as rage itself rebuilt his body.
Ancient Brontodon①It is taller than all but the tallest trees, and older than all but the oldest.
Ancient Carp①"Why eat now what could one day grow into a feast?"↵-Ojutai, translated from Draconic
Ancient Crab①After the fall of Sea Gate and the draining of the Halimar basin, the crab set off to find a new home.
Ancient Crab①The banks of the Luxa River attract all manner of predator but only the most resilient of prey.
Ancient Craving①"Knowledge demands sacrifice."↵-Tojira, swamp queen
Ancient Craving①Knowledge demands sacrifice.
Ancient Den①Taj-Nar, throne of Raksha Golden Cub, destined leader of the leonin prides.
Ancient Greenwarden①When the ruins awakened, so did their defenses.
Ancient Grudge①If there's anything a werewolf hates, it's a collar-especially Avacyn's Collar, the symbol of her church.
Ancient Grudge①Shelby locked eyes with the ferocious creature as the glass began to crack. With one more lunge, she would break through and confront her nemesis at last.
Ancient Grudge①The time rifts remind Yavimaya of the enemies of its past and provide fresh fuel for its fires.
Ancient Hellkite①When a dragon attacks, there are no bystanders.
Ancient Kavu①Those with the ability to change their nature survived Phyrexia's biological attacks. Everything else died.
Ancient Lumberknot①The soft creak of trees in the wind is not always cause for comfort.
Ancient Ooze①The ooze has always been. The ooze will always be.
Ancient Runes①Ertai volunteered to open the portal. He figured he owed it one.
Ancient Silverback①The Phyrexian killing machines couldn't have known the seriousness of their mistake in wounding the ape-they'd never seen it angry.
Ancient Spider①It outlived both king and castle.
Ancient Tomb①There is no glory to be gained in the kingdom of the dead.↵-Vec tomb inscription
Ancient Ziggurat①Built in honor of Alara's creatures, the ziggurat vanished long ago. When Progenitus awakened, the temple emerged again.
Ancient Ziggurat①Leylines branch out from its foundation like roots from a tree. These draw mana from every region and welcome all living things into its verdant chambers.
Ancient of the Equinox①"When the leaves fall and the nights grow cold, look elsewhere for firewood."↵-Ola of Lambholt
And They Shall Know No Fear①"They are my bulwark against the Terror. They are the Defenders of Humanity. They are my Space Marines."↵-The Emperor of Mankind
Andradite Leech①"Older specimens are completely encrusted with gems, which serve as both armor and weapons."↵-Tolarian research notes
Angel of Despair①"I feel in them a sense of duty and commitment, yet I can feel nothing else. It is as if their duty is to an empty void."↵-Razia
Angel of Despair①"I feel in them a sense of duty and commitment, yet I can feel nothing else. It is as if their duty is to an empty void."↵-Razia, Boros archangel
Angel of Finality①"Better the dead depart utterly than be enslaved."
Angel of Flight Alabaster①She endures without Avacyn but secretly asks each soul she guides if it has seen her.
Angel of Flight Alabaster①She endures without Avacyn but secretly asks each soul she guides if they have seen her.
Angel of Glory's Rise①"Justice isn't done until undeath is undone."
Angel of Jubilation①"Though Innistrad is not cleansed of evil, we finally have cause to rejoice."
Angel of Mercy①"In times like these, people need to be reminded of compassion."↵-Sisay
Angel of Mercy①A song of life soars over fields of blood.
Angel of Mercy①Every tear shed is a drop of immortality.
Angel of Renewal①"No more fear. No more failure. No more death. No more!"
Angel of Retribution①Bitter vengeance never glowed so bright nor sang so sweet.
Angel of Suffering①"If you wish for blessings, mortal, ask your demon masters. We've given enough to your kind."
Angel of the Dawn①She sings for all those who have been silenced.
Angel of the Dire Hour①She arrived like a meteorite, and the enemy fell in a shock wave of holy vengeance.
Angel of the God-Pharaoh①The angels did not deceive. From the start, they were clear their allegiance was to the God-Pharaoh and to him alone.
Angel's Feather①If taken, it cuts the hand that clutches it. If given, it heals the hand that holds it.
Angel's Feather①The angel represents divine perfection; even the smallest feather is imbued with beauty and benevolence.
Angel's Herald①Rigorous faith and belief are rewarded on occasion, and richly so.
Angel's Mercy①"I understand your fears. I pity your doubts. I absolve you of both."
Angel's Mercy①"She rose above me, and in that moment Varrik the Bloody died and I was born."↵-Varrik the Just
Angel's Mercy①"Until that day I cursed the angels, those uncaring lights in the sky. They rewarded my scorn with the gift of time, every year of which I've spent in devotion to their names."↵-Torian Sha, soul warden
Angel's Mercy①Angels appear before both the blessed and the cursed, though most don't know which they are until they feel either the angel's kiss or her sword.
Angel's Tomb①"Faith can quicken the stones themselves with life."↵-Writings of Mikaeus
Angelfire Crusader①Nothing burns hotter than the fires of holy rage.
Angelfire Ignition①"My angel is the flint, and I am her steel."
Angelheart Protector①"We shall persevere."
Angelheart Vial①It holds a whisper from Iona: "Persevere."
Angelic Accord①As demons are drawn to suffering, angels are drawn to acts of benevolence.
Angelic Armaments①Forged in dark hours from the flame that would not die.
Angelic Ascension①Within her battalion she was known as the Angel of Arkvale. Until now, that was only a metaphor.
Angelic Benediction①"Even in single combat, I am never alone."↵-Rafiq of the Many
Angelic Benediction①"Only the bravest are worthy of our blessing."
Angelic Blessing①A peasant can do more by faith than a king by proclamation.
Angelic Blessing①Only the warrior who can admit mortal weakness will be bolstered by immortal strength.
Angelic Blessing①The man who rose up to fight was not the same man knocked down.
Angelic Captain①As the soldiers beneath her raised their voices, the angel spread her wings, their span seeming to cover the sky.
Angelic Chorus①The harmony of the glorious is a dirge to the wicked.
Angelic Chorus①The very young and the very old know best the song the angels sing.
Angelic Curator①"Do not treat your people as you treat your artifacts. Let them go, and they will live; seal them here, and they will die."↵-Urza, to Radiant
Angelic Edict①The Boros built a prison in the sky where Azorius statutes couldn't restrict their sense of justice.
Angelic Exaltation①"If we cannot have peace, we will have justice."↵-Aurelia
Angelic Field Marshal①Her presence on the battlefield can transform an unruly mob into a disciplined army.
Angelic Gift①"Zendikar will triumph this day, and our armies will fly with angels."
Angelic Guardian①"No single arrow can pierce an entire flock."
Angelic Harold①The voice of an angel. And the face of an angel. And the legs of... you get the idea.
Angelic Observer①Still and solemn as the statues of her kind that decorated the Park Heights rooftops, she gazed in sorrow on the city below.
Angelic Overseer①From mortal hope immortal power springs.
Angelic Page①If only every message were as perfect as its bearer.
Angelic Page①If only every message were as perfect as its bearers.
Angelic Page①If only every message were as perfect as its messenger.
Angelic Protector①"My family sheltered in her light, the dark was content to wait."↵-Crovax
Angelic Purge①"We must save you from yourselves."
Angelic Quartermaster①"Stand strong. We will reclaim the dawn."
Angelic Renewal①Angels watch over mortals with heavy hearts, knowing what fate awaits them in the end.
Angelic Shield①"If only an angel's wings could shelter us all."↵-Barrin
Angelic Shield①"If only an angel's wings could shelter us all."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Angelic Skirmisher①"A keen mind wields an army as a deft hand wields a sword."
Angelic Sleuth①Some crime scenes' secrets can only be discerned from an angel's-eye view.
Angelic Wall①"The Ancestor protects us in ways we can't begin to comprehend."↵-Mystic elder
Angelic Wall①"The air stirred as if fanned by angels' wings, and the enemy was turned aside."↵-Tales of Ikarov the Voyager
Angelic Wall①Be at peace, and observe its beauty. Be at war, and feel its justice.
Angelsong①Clash of sword and cry of beast fall mute when angels sound the call to prayer.
Anger of the Gods①"Toralf struck the ground with his hammer, and the force of a thousand storms tore through the demonic horde."↵-Birgi, god of storytelling
Anger of the Gods①Eating those clerics might have been a bad idea.
Anger of the Gods①Haszoret's disappointment at initiates who fail their final trials can manifest in terrible ways.
Anger of the Gods①Hazoret's disappointment at initiates who fail their final trials can manifest in terrible ways.
Anger of the Gods①There was no reason to pray. This was already an act of the gods.
Anger①"For its time as a mortal, Anger chose a shell of boiling rock."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Anger①"For its time as a mortal, Anger chose a shell of boiling rock."↵-Scroll of Beginnings
Anger①"Molten earth has no anger of its own. Only by infusing it with your own rage can the magma seethe and take shape."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Angler Drake①From the time they are hatchlings, river drakes are taught to pull the largest prey from the Luxa.
Angler Turtle①It is ancient, immense, and irresistible.
Angrath's Ambusher①Orcs have been enemies of the Legion of Dusk since it was formed, and the entire race has been declared anathema.
Angrath's Marauders①Captain Angrath cares less about treasure than mayhem. If he can't leave Ixalan, he'll burn the plane down.
Angrath's Rampage①"Grand city? No. This is nothing but another squalid cage."
Anguished Unmaking①Sorin had created Avacyn, so it was a cruelty beyond imagining, a pain beyond description, that it fell upon him to end her forever.
Angus Mackenzie①"Battles no longer served a purpose in Karakas." -Angus Mackenzie, *Diary*
Angus Mackenzie①"Battles no longer served a purpose in Karakas."↵-Angus Mackenzie, Diary
Anhelo, the Painter①Every work of art is a hit.
Animal Boneyard①"The animal spirits are the Ancestor's grandchildren. Remember them."↵-Mystic elder
Animal Sanctuary①"No owners allowed."↵-Sanctuary sign
Animate Land①Irony is getting walked on by the earth instead of the other way around.
Animate Library①Sometimes the books hit back.
Animate Object①Tap beverages with extreme caution.
Animate Wall①"When you have been bitten with fangs of granite, you start to long for the ivory sabers of tigers."↵-Norin the Wary
Animating Faerie①A true puppet master has no need for strings.
Animation Module①Design leads to progress.
Animus of Night's Reach①The dark myojin's gifts were instrumental in ending the Kami War.
Anje Falkenrath①"We all hide a little madness behind our sophistication, do we not?"
Ankh of Mishra①Tawnos finally cracked the puzzle: the strange structures did not house Mishra's malevolent creations but were themselves among his creations.
Ankle Shanker①The stature of the fighter matters less than the depth of the cut.
Annex①Most refugees left their ancestral homes behind when they came to Otaria. A few decided to bring them along.
Annex①You should see how small the map is.
Annihilate①"Whatever Yawgmoth marks, dies. There is no escape."↵-Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Annihilating Fire①"The most impressive performances can be done only once."↵-Mote, Rakdos madcap
Annoyed Altisaur①It pairs a long neck with a short temper.
Annul①"Many giants have tried to crush me with their hammers. You'll never stop me with that little toy."↵-Stigur of the Omenseekers
Annul①"Murder of the living is tragic, but murder of the idea is unforgivable."↵-Janus, speaker of the synod
Annul①"Why pray to the gods, who feed on your worship? Dissolve your illusions and see the true nature of things."↵-Xenagos, the Reveler
Annul①The most effective way to destroy a spell is to ensure it was never cast in the first place.
Anodet Lurker①These machines build fearsome visages out of scrap metal to scare off predators who would otherwise be eager to consume them.
Anointed Chorister①"I sing of benevolence and mercy, of golden wings bringing comfort to the meek and downtrodden."
Anointed Deacon①Inspiration is red as rubies, flowing like honeyed wine.
Anointed Procession①"The gods here may walk among the people, but they are not with them."↵-Gideon Jura
Anointer of Champions①"Arise. You have been anointed by the light. Go forth and fight without fear, for you shall be victorious."
Anointer of Valor①Light streaked down from the heavens, and a voice whispered in the soldier's ear: "You shall not fall today."
Anowon, the Ruin Sage①"So many have died in search of that map. And now it appears in the hands of the arrogant child Chandra Nalaar."
Anrakyr the Traveller①"Though it may take an eternity, I will see the myriad dynasties united once more."
Answered Prayers①Angels cannot ignore pious pleas.
Ant Queen①"Kill the queen first, or we'll be fighting her drones forever. It is not in a queen's nature to have enough servants."↵-Borzard, exterminator captain
Antagonize①"The little guy had guts at least. You can see 'em right there between those cobbles."↵-Glunk, freelance crusher
Anthousa, Setessan Hero①The warriors she leads can rarely keep pace with her, and neither can the tales.
Anthroplasm①I never metamorphosis I didn't like.
Anticipate①"When I have meditated on all outcomes, my opponent has no recourse."
Anticipate①"You thought I wouldn't see that coming?"
Anticipate①Bonder and bonded move in unison, intuiting each other's next move.
Anticipate①Divining the future is easy when you hold the power to sway it.
Anticognition①"I think not."↵-Flekon the Mindcensor
Antler Skulkin①Every skull has a tale to tell, and a skulkin is many dire tales cobbled together.
Anurid Barkripper①When it croaks, so do you.
Anurid Brushhopper①It's so tough it can frighten *itself* into hiding.
Anurid Brushhopper①It's so tough it can frighten itself into hiding.
Anurid Murkdiver①Aphetto's swamps are alive with the dead.
Anurid Scavenger①Krosa's topmost bottom feeder.
Anurid Swarmsnapper①Anurids have the problem of airborne invaders licked.
Anvilwrought Raptor①"I know its lightness, for I have seen it fly. I know its weight, for I have seen it strike."↵-Brigone, soldier of Meletis
Apes of Rath①Monkeys three, monkeys through.
Apex Altisaur①It brings belligerence to new heights.
Apex of Power①"As I desire, so it shall be."↵-Nicol Bolas
Aphemia, the Cacophony①"Sing, beauty. Sing for death, and for the dead."↵-Ashiok
Aphetto Alchemist①He brews trouble.
Aphetto Dredging①Phage became both executioner and savior, helping others to the same rebirth she had found.
Aphetto Grifter①Aphetto con artists started working in pairs to make it less likely they'd be the victims of con artists.
Aphetto Runecaster①"The ignorant fear change; the wise use it as a weapon."
Aphotic Wisps①Merrows skulk the silty bogs around the Wanderbrine, their very thoughts stained with evil.
Apocalypse Chime①"One day, or another, perhaps I shall ring my pretty chime . . . loudly, so that all may hear."↵-Grandmother Sengir
Apocalypse①"There is a future in which I can see only mist and a single shadow."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Apostle of Purifying Light①Waves of gloom crash in vain against his unyielding light.
Apothecary Geist①For some customers, the old apothecary shop still opens its doors.
Apothecary Initiate①Kithkin jealously hoard their knowledge of poultices and remedies so that no outside threat can benefit from their wisdom.
Appetite for Brains①Just as with a peach, the first bite is always the juiciest.
Appetite for the Unnatural①"I'd just let the monkey have it if I were you. You can make another, but the same can't be said of your fingers."↵-Turni, Greenwheel groundskeeper
Apprentice Necromancer①A mage willing to dedicate his life to his craft.
Apprentice Sharpshooter①Innistrad's best archers are trained by the Quiver of Kessig, an order of cathars who specialize in ranged combat.
Apprentice Wizard①Aspiring wizards must demonstrate basic levels of willpower and mental discipline to even be considered for an apprenticeship.
Approach My Molten Realm①"It's a dragon-infested lavascape of notorious peril. Make yourselves at home."
Aquamoeba①Some tides need no moon.
Aquitect's Will①"You may want to hold your breath."↵-Kellyg, merrow aquitect
Aquitect's Will①There is nowhere on Lorwyn that the Merrow Lanes cannot go.
Aquus Steed①In water, it's as graceful as a dolphin. On land, it darts and jerks so unpredictably that few can ride it for long.
Araba Mothrider①"My finest creations are fashioned after the moths of Eiganjo. They fly higher, faster, and more gracefully than any of my own designs."↵-Noboru, master kitemaker
Arachnoform①Deep within the endless webs of cloning silk, the weaver awaits.
Arachnogenesis①Every movement is a summons -even your screams.
Arachnogenesis①Every movement is a summons-even your screams.
Arachnoid①It follows the green sun over Mirrodin's surface, spinning massive webs of whispersilk as it goes.
Aradara Express①It glides around the city, a sublime combination of elegance and utility.
Arashin Cleric①"We'll have time to put out the fires when those trapped within the ruins are safe."
Arashin Foremost①"I would gladly give my life if it would inspire my clan to victory."
Arashin Sovereign①Dromoka dragons foster trust among their subjects, while the other clans must spend their time quelling rebellion.
Arasta of the Endless Web①Her webs, spun from her own hair, reach from Nyx to the mortal world and even into the Underworld.
Arbalest Elite①There are few things as satisfying as a good, healthy thunk.
Arbiter of Knollridge①Though giants are mortal, they live so long and on such a grand scale that many small folk don't believe they ever truly die.
Arbor Armament①"Llanowar's boughs are ever ready↵To unleash an autumn of steel leaves."↵-"Song of Freyalise"
Arbor Elf①"The forest will surround you with its life if you are still and calm."
Arbor Elf①The Mul Daya elves reject their Tajuru kin, calling them arrogant tree-binders who think the roots serve the canopy.
Arborback Stomper①The power of aether draws creatures to it like a magnetic force, and those that are touched by it are forever altered.
Arborea Pegasus①The noble steeds of the elven gods can sometimes be persuaded to allow mere mortals on their backs.
Arboreal Grazer①"We fight to stop a tyrant, but we also fight for the gentle creatures who have no concept of what befalls their world."↵-Vivien Reid
Arboria①"I have never before felt so unwelcome in a forest."↵-Jolrael
Arboria①As the world steeled itself for the New Phyrexian invasion, the heart of the Pinelands awoke, and a new maro-sorcerer strode forth to join the fight.
Arc Lightning①"It is vain to look for a defense against lightning."↵-Publius Syrus, Maxim 835, trans. Lyman
Arc Lightning①Lightning burns its own path.
Arc Lightning①Lightning burns the dragon's path.
Arc Lightning①Rainclouds don't last long in Shiv, but that doesn't stop the lightning.
Arc Runner①The storms of the wastelands form quickly and hit hard. Few have anything to do with rain.
Arc Spitter①"I'm fresh out of mercy today. Why don't you ask Sparky here for forgiveness?"
Arc Trail①"Don't try to hit your enemies. Concentrate on the space between them, and fill the air with doom."↵-Spear-Tribe teaching
Arc-Slogger①A shuffling sound and the smell of ozone follow the slogger as surely as its electric tail.
Arcane Encyclopedia①A quill from the First Reader at Candlekeep, the spectacles of the Most Holy Servant of Gond, a woven bookmark from the Caleph Arcane of Calimport: readers always leave something of themselves behind.
Arcane Encyclopedia①Knowledge itself is neither good nor evil. Just as the wrong book in the wrong hands could doom all existence, the same book in the right hands could save it.
Arcane Endeavor①Late at night, when dreams touch a studious mind, bouts of inspiration strike.
Arcane Flight①The Tolarian Academies are known for their magical research, powerful sorcerers, and accidental destruction of ecosystems.
Arcane Laboratory①It soon became obvious that some experiments were best overseen by fireproof teachers.
Arcane Laboratory①Too many wizards spoil the spell, but too many spells spoil the wizard.↵-Sign on entry to arcane lab
Arcane Melee①Debates between wizards are never purely academic.
Arcane Sanctum①"We must rely on our own knowledge, not on the dogma of the seekers or the mutterings of the sphinxes."↵-Tullus of Palandius
Arcane Sanctum①The Emperor is the greatest psyker in Human history. For thousands of years, he has sat immobile in a palace that spans a continent.
Arcane Signet①"To feel no constraint but the four points of a compass, to tread a path that only you can find . . . these are the flavors of power I've learned to savor."↵-Keon, horizon walker
Arcane Signet①After using the signet to finish the miniaturization spell, the novice wizard realized they'd have big shoes to fill.
Arcane Signet①All Necrons bear the mark of the Triarch, a brand upon their living-metal skin that binds them to their dynasty.
Arcane Signet①As part of their indoctrination and training, a psyker learns to focus their mental strength through a psycho-reactive staff.
Arcane Signet①Countless xenos cults dwell unseen within the Imperium, lurking just beneath the surface.
Arcane Signet①It started as a mere drop of water. The Magic Mirror crystallized it into much more.
Arcane Spyglass①It breaches not physical distances but temporal ones.
Arcane Subtraction①The class learned little that day.
Arcane Teachings①Dwarves may teach at the speed of stone, but their results are solid.
Arcane Teachings①Not all knowledge is learned from parchment.
Arcanis the Omnipotent①"Do not concern yourself with my origin, my race, or my ancestry. Seek my record in the pits, and then make your wager."
Arcanis the Omnipotent①He has journeyed where none have been before. Now he returns to ensure that none follow.
Arcanum Wings①Nobles don wings to reach the sky villas of their peers, exchanging them for more fashionable attire upon arrival.
Arcbond①"If you must die today, make your death worthy of legend."↵-Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
Arcbound Bruiser①Break in case of emergency.
Arcbound Mouser①It doesn't purr. It hums.
Arcbound Prototype①It flickered to life, saw itself alone, and began to build.
Arcbound Ravager①"Top-performing automaton combatants are to be seized and modified for service."↵-Confiscation directive
Arcbound Worker①The parts are as strong as the whole.
Archaeomancer①"Words of power never disappear. They sleep, awaiting those with the will to rouse them."
Archaeomender①"Just as a broken relic can be mended, a shattered history can be made whole."
Archangel of Thune①Even the wicked have nightmares.
Archangel's Light①"This is the light of Avacyn. Even in her absence she offers us hope."↵-Radulf, priest of Avacyn
Archangel①"My mother once told me angels sing their swords' names with each strike."↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Archangel①The sky rang with the cries of armored seraphs, and the darkness made a tactical retreat.
Archdemon of Greed①"The price is paid. The power is mine!"
Archdemon of Unx①The necropolis at Unx was once a living city, its streets untrodden by death.
Archelos, Lagoon Mystic①"Life ... is not ... a race."
Archers of Qarsi①"We think of the naga as creeping cutthroats, slitherers in the swamps. But they are equally at home in the trees."↵-Goton, Qal Sisma shaman
Archers' Parapet①Every shaft is graven with a name from a kin tree, calling upon the spirits of the ancestors to make it fly true.
Archetype of Aggression①"Did Purphoros bless Maikal because of his rage? Or did Maikal's rage blossom after he'd been blessed? Only the gods know."↵-Eocles, oracle of Purphoros
Archetype of Courage①"It has been my experience that soldiers most fervently follow generals who lead by example."↵-Elspeth
Archetype of Endurance①Despite its fearsome stature, it is as elusive as a shadow, circling round to stalk those who presume to hunt it.
Archetype of Finality①She sees mortals not as they wish to be, but as what they will become.
Archetype of Imagination①"Is it not the embodiment of our aspirations?"↵-Prokopios, astronomer of Meletis
Archfiend of Depravity①"Why would I kill you all? Who then would be left to worship me?"
Architect of Restoration①"A visionary looks at rubble and sees not only what was, but also what could be."↵-Onyx-Eye, architect of Eiganjo
Architect of the Untamed①Next to her designs, life seems like a pale imitation.
Architects of Will①This secret society of mages manipulates the beliefs and opinions of others.
Archive Haunt①Cleaning up his life's work was his afterlife's work.
Archivist of Oghma①"Knowledge is the greatest tool of the mortal mind, outweighing anything made by mortal hands. Before anything else can exist, the idea must exist."
Archivist①"Knowledge is a feast for the mind. Savor every swallow."
Archivist①"Sit down and read. Educate yourself for the coming conflicts."↵-Mary Harris "Mother" Jones
Archivist①"Words-so innocent and powerless are they, as standing in a dictionary; how potent for good and evil they become to one who knows how to combine them!"↵-Nathaniel Hawthorne
Archivist①Some do. Some teach. The rest look it up.
Archmage Emeritus①Some emeritus professors return from their wanderings periodically to share tales of the mystical wonders of Arcavios.
Archon of Cruelty①Malice spreads on wings of tyranny.
Archon of Emeria①"Archons dispense justice according to an ancient, and flawed, premise."↵-Nissa Revane
Archon of Falling Stars①"The archon fell like a star from the sky, meeting the rising sun at the horizon's edge."↵-*The Cosmogony*
Archon of Justice①In dark times, Truth bears a blade.
Archon of Redemption①Until Emeria is freed, he raises his sword in her name.
Archway Angel①A ray of hope breaks through the shroud of rain.
Archweaver①The silk of the archweavers adds structural integrity to otherwise unstable Izzet building sites.
Archwing Dragon①Swifter than an angel, crueler than a demon, and relentless as a ghoul.
Arclight Phoenix①Some storms never blow over.
Arctic Flats①"A realm once green now ruled by Frost, Where flesh and field both pay its cost. Those dearly loved, forever lost . . ."↵-*The Dynasty of Winter Kings*
Arctic Foxes①"Those Foxes are wily, swift, and ferocious. They are the warriors of the snows."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Arctic Treeline①"When the Light of Starnheim shines here, every frost-edged needle glitters with the reflected glory of the Cosmos."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Arctic Wolves①"No matter where we cat warriors go in the world, those stupid slobberers find us."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Arcum Dagsson①"Artifice sundered the world. It shall not again wreak such sorrow."
Arcum's Astrolabe①Though the Time of Ice has ended, its relics still slumber in New Argive.
Arcum's Sleigh①"With the proper equipment and caution, one can travel anywhere."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Arcus Acolyte①"Archery requires holding an enormous amount of tension and making it look effortless."
Ardenn, Intrepid Archaeologist①"With the right tools, even the sky is within reach."
Ardent Dustspeaker①"The Founder Dragons weren't even hatched when this scroll was written!"
Ardent Electromancer①"Trust me, we won't need torches."
Ardent Elementalist①While the Dawnhart witches focus their magic on nature and community, other covens consort with devils and twist the elements to their will.
Ardent Militia①"While the rest of us got paid to serve the Benalish army, the militia didn't. I used to say they stood for freedom-free *and* dumb."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Ardent Militia①Knights fight for honor and mercenaries fight for gold. The militia fights for hearth and home.
Ardent Militia①Some fight for honor and some for gold, but the militia fight for hearth and home.
Ardent Militia①Some fight for honor and some for gold, but the militia fights for hearth and home.
Ardent Recruit①"We lost our homes and our kin. We won't let those rotters take our future as well."
Ardenvale Paladin①"Even when hope is but a small flame fighting the night, I will serve the absent king."
Ardenvale Tactician①In a castle that prizes loyalty above all, the bond between knight and griffin is unmatched.
Arena Athlete①The Iroan Games award no medals. Athletes vie for a visit from Iroas, god of victory.
Arena Rector①"I see something special in you-a bright ember that yearns to dance among the stars."
Arena Rector①Her call echoes across worlds, calling the loyal to battle.
Arena Trickster①"It's not enough to surprise your opponent. You have to delight the crowd as well."
Arenson's Aura①"Cloak me in mystery, hide my names from my enemies, and let me draw from the well of power."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Arenson's Aura①"I have my faith, and I have my prayers. But if push comes to shove, I've also got a little something extra."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Argent Mutation①"My world is corrupted beyond cleansing. I must prevent this from happening to others."↵-Karn
Argent Sphinx①A great mirage, a dream of wings and silver.
Argentum Armor①Mirrodin's creator still lives, still shapes metal, and still commands world-shaking power.
Argivian Archaeologist①Fascinated by the lore of ancient struggles, archaeologists search incessantly for remnants of an earlier, more powerful era.
Argivian Archaeologist①Fascinated by the lore of ancient struggles, the Archaeologist searches incessantly for remnants of an earlier, more powerful era.
Argivian Archaeologist①Fascinated by the lore of ancient struggles, the archaeologist searches incessantly for remnants of an earlier, more powerful era.
Argivian Blacksmith①Through years of study and training, the Blacksmiths of Argive became adept at reassembling the mangled remains of the strange, mechanical creatures abounding in their native land.
Argivian Find①"We often bury our pasts, and then someone comes along and digs them up."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Argivian Phalanx①New Argive welcomed the kor people when they were displaced by the Rathi overlay. The kor repay that kindness with fierce loyalty.
Argivian Restoration①"The Argivian University taught me two things: always look to the past, and never dismiss what appears useless."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Argothian Elder①Sharpen your ears↵-Elvish expression meaning "grow wiser"
Argothian Pixies①After the rape of Argoth Forest during the rule of the artificers, the Pixies of Argoth bent their magic to more practical ends.
Argothian Swine①In Argoth, the shortest path between two points is the one the swine make.
Argothian Treefolk①Haunting cries we hear in our dreams As the forest dies, a death from machines.
Arguel's Blood Fast①Arguel's vision led him into the jungles of Ixalan . . .
Arguel's Blood Fast①Arguel's vision led him into the jungles of Ixalan …
Arisen Gorgon①"I'm not picky about what comes up, but the less decay, the better."↵-Liliana Vess
Arjun, the Shifting Flame①He speaks directly into his supplicants' minds using fiery words that inflame their thoughts and incite their passions.
Ark of Blight①When opened, it erases entire landscapes from minds and maps.
Arlinn's Wolf①"If you don't speak wolf, allow me to translate: 'One step closer and I'll rip out your throat.'"↵-Arlinn Kord
Arm the Cathars①Faith is a cathar's greatest weapon, but a sword of blessed silver is a close second.
Arm with Aether①"Anything we can do to hurt the Phyrexian invaders is worth dying for."
Armada Wurm①No one in the Conclave acts alone.
Armadillo Cloak①"Don't laugh. It works."
Armadillo Cloak①"Don't laugh. It works."↵-Yavimaya ranger
Armageddon①"'O miserable of happy! Is this the end Of this new glorious world . . . ?'"↵-John Milton, *Paradise Lost*
Armageddon①"'O miserable of happy! Is this the end Of this new glorious world . . . ?'"↵-John Milton, Paradise Lost
Armageddon①"'O miserable of happy! Is this the end↵Of this new glorious world . . . ?'"↵-John Milton, *Paradise Lost*
Armageddon①"'O miserable of happy! Is this the end↵Of this new glorious world... ?'"↵-John Milton, *Paradise Lost*
Armageddon①A bloody dawn broke over a scabbed and tortured world.
Armageddon①War destroys more than just the land. War destroys hope.
Armament Corps①The Abzan avoid extended supply lines by incorporating weapons stores into their battle formations.
Armament Master①"We prepare for the known with daggers, rations, rope, and pitons. But we also prepare for the unknown with billycat tails, pikku roots, hedron chips . . ."
Armed Response①Raksha watched as the goblins continued to pour onto the Razor Fields. "They just don't know when to stop, do they?"
Armed and Armored①The dwarves of Axgard seldom have reason to leave their impregnable underground kingdom-but when they do, they go in force.
Armillary Sphere①The mysterious purpose of two of the rings had eluded Esper mages-until now.
Armistice①We all must profit for peace to last.↵-Mercadian saying
Armor Sliver①Hanna: "We must learn how they protect each other."↵Mirri: "After they've done trying to kill us, all right?"
Armor Thrull①"Except for a bare spot at the base of their skulls, Armor Thrulls bear interlocking plates and spikes with the strength of steel. Their design is almost artistic."↵-Endrek Sahr, "Thrulls"
Armor Thrull①"The worst thing about being a mercenary for the Ebon Hand is having to wear a dead Thrull."↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Armor Thrull①"The worst thing about being a mercenary for the Ebon Hand is having to wear a dead thrull."↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Armor Thrull①"They gave their lives to strengthen the Order's armies, until they declined this honor in favor of joining the Thrull Rebellion."↵-Jherana Rure, Counter-Insurgency Commander
Armor Thrull①Occasionally, an ally balked at wearing a dead Thrull as armor. The priests' whips, however, were usually enough to encourage a more practical outlook.
Armor of Faith①"Keep your chain mail, warrior. I have my own form of protection."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Armor of Faith①"Keep your chainmail, warrior. I have my own form of protection."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Armor of Faith①"Keep your chainmail, warrior. I have my own form of protection."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Armor of Shadows①"What's softer than silk, stronger than steel, and quieter than thought?"↵-Warlock riddle
Armorcraft Judge①Were she not a judge, she'd win the division herself.
Armored Ascension①"The meadow sprang up beneath me, and I perceived a path from our people's defeat to our highest glory."
Armored Ascension①"Why enchant feathers to make them sturdy when we can enchant shields to make them fly?"↵-Braenna, cobblesmith
Armored Ascension①With skill and strength honed upon the prairie, Naxtil won his battles high above it.
Armored Cancrix①Creatures displaced from time still turn up every year, stranded by the temporal disaster that once swept across Dominaria.
Armored Galleon①"Information equals profits. Our merchants sell it, or our pirates use it."↵-Jefan, Talas ship captain
Armored Griffin①When an order for griffin barding comes in, blacksmiths prepare their forges for months of exacting work. They know griffins always detect imperfections and never haggle.
Armored Pegasus①"I always charge a little extra to take on a pegasus. They fly like eagles, kick like mules, and hide like hermits."↵-Tahli *en*-Dal, bounty hunter
Armored Pegasus①Asked how it survived a run-in with a bog imp, the pegasus just shook its mane and burped.
Armored Skaab①Literally made for battle.
Armored Transport①"If only our jails were as secure."↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Armored Warhorse①"When we of the Northern Verge claim a mount, no peasant's nag will do. It must be as strong as our virtue, and must join us of its own will."↵-Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Armored Whirl Turtle①Not all enormous beasts are quick to anger.
Armored Wolf-Rider①Wolf-riders of Selesnya apprentice from a young age. Each rider raises a wolf pup from birth to serve as a mount, hoping that one day the two will share the honor of guarding the Great Concourse.
Armorer Guildmage①Zhalfir's destiny rings in tempered steel.↵-Armorer Guild maxim
Armory Automaton①With no flesh to tire or resolve to falter, the machines soon became the Academy's preferred trainers.
Armory Guard①The Dimir agents watched from the shadows. "Eight hours, and I've yet to see him blink," Nefara hissed. "I suggest we find another way in."
Armory Veteran①"This one is for goblins, this one is for owlbears, this one is for toast, this one is for . . ."
Armory of Iroas①Each weapon is as unique as the champion who carried it to battle.
Armory of Iroas①From a distance the weapons look pristine, but in fact they are tarnished and dented, each as unique as the champion who carried it to battle.
Arms Dealer①"Guaranteed to leave your enemies sufficiently stabbed, bitten, cleaved, or exploded."↵-Grezkrick's Emporium motto
Arms Dealer①He has the weapons, he has the connections, and he knows the hangar's dark secret.
Arms of Hadar①Burning slowly into annihilation, the elder evil Hadar grants fearsome powers to warlocks willing to help satiate its dark hunger.
Army Ants①"Do not underestimate the power of many against one."↵-Sidar Jabari
Army of Allah①On the day of victory no one is tired. -Arab proverb
Army of the Damned①Sometimes death comes knocking. Sometimes it tears down the walls.
Arni Brokenbrow①"I headbutted a troll. And won."
Arnjlot's Ascent①"The dreams of a child fulfilled:↵the wind on my brow,↵the air 'neath my feet."↵-Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Aron, Benalia's Ruin①"He may look like my father, but the man I knew and loved is gone."↵-Danitha
Arrester's Admonition①Law is the voice of reason.
Arrester's Zeal①Law is the light of civilization.
Arrest①"Unfortunately, it doesn't restrain the beast's smell."↵-Glissa Sunseeker
Arrest①"We will prove your guilt. We don't arrest the innocent, you know."↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Arrest①Bladehold houses a rogues' gallery filled with the living "statues" of the worst enemies of the Auriok.
Arrest①Fayden didn't know if the giant had created the spehere's magic-only that he had to escape it to find Sifa.
Arrest①Orim had no memory of the previous night-the first thing she could remember was waking up with the dead guard's blood on her hands.
Arrogant Bloodlord①"I would rather take my own head than be thwarted by a presumptuous wretch with a shield and a dream."
Arrogant Outlaw①The debased remnants of the Falkenrath bloodline prowl the passes near their ruined castles.
Arrogant Poet①"I would be kinder to my peers, Professor, but I simply don't have any."
Arrogant Vampire①Charm and grace may hide a foul heart.
Arrogant Wurm①It's hard to be humble when the whole world is bite size.
Arrogant Wurm①It's hard to be humble when the whole world is bite-size.
Arrow Storm①First the thunder, then the rain.
Arrows of Justice①Archers from the Horizon Military Academy hone their skills by targeting pickpockets blocks away.
Art Appreciation①There's no defending against public opinion.
Arterial Flow①"It is impious to admit, but I do enjoy pirate blood. Something in the salty tang of it, the spice of rebellion."
Artful Dodge①Those who know the alleys and sewers of the Erdwal can disappear like smoke.
Artful Looter①PRICELESS PIC PILFERED Painting Found Abandoned in Graveyard Merfolk Decry Wizards' Treatment
Artful Takedown①Dimir assassinations are choreographed like dance routines. Each challenge is anticipated and countered with graceful ease.
Artifact Blast①The first line of defense against Urza and Mishra, the Artifact Blast achieved widespread fame until an unlucky mage discovered it was useless on the devices the brothers had already created.
Artifact Blast①The first line of defense against Urza and Mishra, the artifact blast achieved widespread fame until an unlucky mage discovered it was useless on the devices the brothers had already created.
Artifact Mutation①"From shards and splinters I call forth my living horde."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Artifact Mutation①"There's nothing technology can build that nature can't eventually reclaim."↵-Vivien Reid
Artifact Possession①Any black mage could coax a Thraxodemon to inhabit a magical device.
Artificer's Epiphany①The artificers of Kaladesh strive ceaselessly for perfection, progress, and the ultimate expression of elegance.
Artificer's Hex①"Some treasures aren't worth finding, let alone stealing."↵-Dack Fayden
Artillerize①Phyrexian or Mirran, most goblins stick to the job they know best.
Artillery Blast①To conserve ammunition, Jhoira modified ancient Thran artillery cannons to fire gouts of pure Shivan lava.
Artisan's Sorrow①Some seers read bones or entrails. Others just like to break things.
Arvad the Cursed①"I won't abandon the *Weatherlight*. My destiny is to serve at Jhoira's side. This 'illness' means I must trust my faith more and myself less."
Asari Captain①"Go! Show them your fury!"
Ascend from Avernus①Smoke clogged the streets and rubble littered the ground, but sunlight shining on the long-lost towers of Elturel was still a beautiful sight.
Ascendant Acolyte①"Limits exist solely to test the will."
Ascendant Evincar①"Things are going to change around here."↵-Crovax
Ascendant Evincar①His soul snared by an angel's curse, Crovax twisted heroism into its purest shadow.
Ascended Lawmage①A lawmage's runic script is an act of governance given form: legislation written directly onto the air itself.
Asceticism①"Let my ignominy build walls thicker than iron and stronger than darksteel."↵-Thrun, the last troll
Ash Barrens①Deserts of industrial ash surround the hive cities, covering the surface of the planet with an unstable, corrosive skin.
Ash Zealot①"Smarter than death? Let's see you outsmart my mace, necromancer!"
Asha's Favor①As his new wings lifted him high above Bant, Taric felt his earthly aspirations transform into heavenly resolve.
Ashcoat Bear①The bears wade into time rifts to feed. They do not fear the storms, and they are quick enough to snatch prey just as it blinks in or out of time.
Ashen Firebeast①"I'm not sure which impresses me most, its thoroughness or its intensity."↵-Matoc, lavamancer
Ashen Monstrosity①There was a dull thunder at the vanguard, then shocked cries in the midst of the column. Moments later, Takada, last of the rearguard, faced the kami alone.
Ashen Powder①"What you call decay, I call ripening. You'll gain no sustenance from this harvest."↵-Kaervek
Ashen Rider①One offering to appease her on her arrival. Another to celebrate her departure.
Ashen-Skin Zubera①When the Honden of Night's Reach began to crumble, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to haunt mortal dreams.
Ashenmoor Cohort①"None will concede a place for us in this world. If it is not for us, neither shall it be for them. We rest not until they choke in its cold ashes."↵-Illulia of Nighthearth
Ashenmoor Gouger①After his hands had crumbled away, leaving only wickedly sharp points, he decided his only purpose was war.
Ashenmoor Liege①Cinders carry an ancestral grudge that makes them slow to trust and quick to retaliate.
Ashes of the Abhorrent①"Let no trace of the vampires' foulness remain."
Ashes of the Fallen①The ashes of the dead mingle with the soil, and both become as one.
Ashes to Ashes①"All rivers eventually run to the sea. My job is to sort out who goes first." -Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Ashes to Ashes①"All rivers eventually run to the sea. My job is to sort out who goes first."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Ashes to Ashes①"All rivers eventually run to the sea. My job is to sort out who goes first."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Ashes to Ashes①"Kings and beggars, they end the same- Surrounded by stench, rot, and blame."↵-Aline Corralurn, "Legacy"
Ashiok's Adept①"Every nightmare is a caged bird that yearns to be set free."↵-Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Ashiok's Forerunner①"Every dream is a doorway."
Ashiok's Skulker①"Fear writhes and whispers in the shadows of your mind. It is the enemy you always knew would come."↵-Ashiok
Ashling, the Extinguisher①The Aurora had transformed her into a relentless force of destruction.
Ashmouth Blade①"Its previous owners had some stories to share, I'm certain."↵-Old Rutstein
Ashmouth Dragon①A dragon is born. A province burns.
Ashmouth Hound①Its fiery paws make it easy to track, which is very useful when you want to go in exactly the opposite direction.
Ashnod's Altar①"If you work at sawing up carcasses, you notice how the joints fit, how the nerves are arrayed, and how the skin peels back."↵-Ashnod, to Tawnos
Ashnod's Altar①The Brothers' War scarred the land, but Ashnod left her mark in the bloodlines of those she tortured.
Ashnod's Battle Gear①This horrid invention clearly illustrates why Mishra's lieutenant was feared as much by her troops as by her foes.
Ashnod's Battle Gear①This invention shows why Ashnod was feared by her troops as well as her foes.
Ashnod's Coupon①Limited time offer. Void where prohibited. Limit one per purchase. Valid only in participating duels. This coupon is nontransferable and invalid if shattered, crumbled, detonated, pillaged, or otherwise disenchanted. Cash value less than 1/20 of a cent. Offer not valid in Quebec, Rhode Island, or where prohibited by law or the DCI.
Ashnod's Cylix①Few remember that Ashnod's defilement of Terisiare's resources outstripped even that of her peers.
Ashnod's Transmogrant①Ashnod found few willing to trade their humanity for the power she offered them.
Ashnod's Transmogrant①Ashnod found few willing to trade their humanity for the power she offered.
Ashnod①Ashnod served as Mishra's confidante while he led Fallaji weapons development before the Brothers' War. Whereas Mishra works in metals and stone, however, Ashnod works in living flesh. She sees all living things as prototype machines; her "improvements" to them make her as feared by allies as by enemies.
Asmira, Holy Avenger①"Omens lie in this early harvest's fruit."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Aspect of Gorgon①"My adopted children are loved no less."↵-Pharika, god of affliction
Aspect of Hydra①"Even alone I outnumber you."
Aspect of Lamprey①"Some aspire to be mighty like the lion or the hydra. I am the parasite that feeds on them all."
Asphodel Wanderer①He killed out of hate, so now only hate sustains him. He sought immortality, so the gods gave it to him.
Asphyxiate①"Some poisons enter through the blood. Some are ingested. Some are inhaled. All ways through which mortals draw strength are paths for poison."↵-Agathe, priest of Pharika
Ass Whuppin'①Asses to ashes, Donkeys to dust.
Assassin's Ink①A Reckoner always has another trick up their sleeve-or as their sleeve.
Assassin's Strike①When Selesnya missionaries moved into the Shanav Quarter, they faced scorn, ridicule, and ultimately martyrdom.
Assassin's Trophy①A power vacuum for the Azorius. A keepsake for Vraska.
Assassinate①"This is how wars are won-not with armies of soldiers but with a single knife blade, artfully placed."↵-Yurin, royal assassin
Assassinate①The rulers of old Dominaria kept assassins on retainer. However, the true loyalty of these master killers was always to their peers. This elite brotherhood survived the fall of the old royal order.
Assassinate①The rulers of old Dominaria kept assassins on retainer. However, the true loyalty of these master killers was always to their peers. This elite community survived the fall of the old royal order.
Assault Griffin①"Fine soldiers guarded the northern front. They waited for two-legged foes and left the skies unheeded."↵-General Avitora
Assault Griffin①"Griffins do not serve. They give freely to those they trust."↵-Amira, skycaptain of Thune
Assault Griffin①"The Simic offer a prize to any biomancer who can breed a krasis to match a griffin in the air. It's never been claimed."↵-Libuse, Boros sergeant
Assault Intercessor①A foe without honour is a foe already beaten.
Assault Strobe①When breaking someone's face once just isn't enough.
Assault Zeppelid①"Show them to Razia and then to the Azorius sky marshals. We could create a fine bidding war-enough to fund the final stages of Project Kraj."↵-Momir Vig
Assembled Alphas①There is always a toll to pay for passage.
Assembled Ensemble①Known for their hit single "Your Wait from This Point Is Seven Hours."
Assembly-Worker①With their factories long destroyed, some of Mishra's creations still toil in remote areas, endlessly performing and reperforming their last orders.
Assquatch①Who wants to see a picture of a big hairy ass?
Astarion's Thirst①"Stop bleeding. It's distracting."↵-Astarion, the Decadent
Astral Confrontation①"After voyaging all the way through the Astral Sea with my life hanging by a silver thread, fighting the mind flayer was the easy part."
Astral Slide①"The hum of the universe is never off-key."↵-Mystic elder
Asylum Visitor①"The ravings of the mad are laced with eldritch knowledge."
Atalya, Samite Master①"Healing is a gift the divine ones have shared with us. It is a sacred trust."
Atarka Beastbreaker①He scorns the heavy winter garb of lesser warriors, trusting his anger to keep him warm.
Atarka Monument①Atarka is worshipped and fed by her subjects at Ayagor, the Dragon's Bowl.
Atarka, World Render①"Her hunger knows no limit. Left unchecked, she would feast on all of Tarkir."↵-Yasova Dragonclaw
Atinlay Igpay①Isthay iecepay ofay avorflay exttay oesn'tday eallyray aysay anythingay.
Atogatog①It relishes old-fashioned family meals.
Atog①On Dominaria, a scavenger. On Mirrodin, a predator.
Atog①The bane of all artificers, the legendary Atogs devoured intricate tools to further their own twisted growth.
Atog①The bane of all artificers, the legendary atogs devoured intricate tools to further their own twisted growth.
Atomwheel Acrobats①"If the acrobatic show doesn't wow the audience, we have no one to blame but our elves."↵-Myra the Magnificent
Atrocious Experiment①There is no line Jon Irenicus would not cross to regain his lost immortality.
Attempted Murder①Squawks was quick to establish the social pecking order.
Attendant of Vraska①When the Erstwhile were unearthed from their tombs, they became a ready-made army for Vraska.
Attended Healer①"My cats have taught me more about the sacred than anything in some old ruin."
Attended Knight①The virtues of knighthood are best taught in the field.
Attended Socialite①"Say hello to my little friend."
Attrition①"I will trade life for life with the insurgents. Our resources, unlike theirs, are limitless."↵-Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Attune with Aether①"I've never seen a world where aether weaves through every aspect of nature."
Attunement①"The solution can hide for only so long."↵-Urza
Atzal, Cave of Eternity①. . . but every end is a new beginning.
Atzocan Archer①His arrows are fletched with feathers from the greatest of the winged dinosaurs.
Atzocan Seer①Streams of gold and bright feathers flash in the orb, visions of past and future.
Audacious Infiltrator①"This little critter can turn all of you to scrap in under thirty seconds! Come on, who wants to be the first to go? Try and stop me!"
Audacious Thief①"Skill, imagination, smarts: none of it matters unless you have the nerve to use it."
Auger Spree①"Finally, a weapon the Boros can't confiscate!"↵-Juri, proprietor of the Juri Revue
Augmenter Pugilist①"Hold still. I have a theory about what's going to happen to your face."
Augmenting Automaton①When you have taught an automaton how to build others of its kind, it is a small step to make it build itself.
Augur il-Vec①"If it would end this exile, my life is yours."
Augur of Bolas①"There is no future save the one my master wills."
Augur of Skulls①Within each empty skull, it seeks ways to preserve its own failing undeath.
Augury Adept①Moonstones grant limited foresight but unlimited advantages.
Augury Raven①Some ravens collect shiny baubles; others hoard omens and secrets.
Auntie's Hovel①The Stinkdrinker warren's hill of salvaged trinkets is large enough to cut a door in.
Aura Blast①"None of your history books mention me?" laughed Daria. "They will now."
Aura Extraction①Every day, Order clerics contain as much of the Mirari's energy as possible, hoping to delay Otaria's demise.
Aura Finesse①"Although armor and auras can be similar, the brains required to use them are worlds apart."↵-Zilan, Makindi auramancer
Aura Flux①To some, the Tolarian sunrise was a blinding flash; to others, a lingering glow.
Aura Fracture①Jamuraa's rhystic mages treat magic as their garden, uprooting unwanted spells as bothersome weeds.
Aura Gnarlid①Kill a gnarlid with your first blow, or it'll cheerfully show you how it's done.
Aura Graft①"It's not really stealing. It's more like extended borrowing."
Aura Mutation①"Life can be found in all things, even things unnatural."↵-Multani, maro-sorcerer
Aura Mutation①"Nature has a way of adapting to and overcoming any force that seeks its end."↵-Vivien Reid
Aura Shards①Gaea forged her soldiers into self-wielding weapons that struck down all impurities.
Aura Thief①Illusion steals reality from the unwise.
Aura of Dominion①"Lies and deceit do yield results, but legitimate authority is the ultimate form of control."↵-Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Aura of Silence①Not all silences are easily broken.
Auramancer's Guise①"Consider not what the mask hides, but what it can reveal."
Auramancer①"In memories, we can find our deepest reserves of strength."
Auramancer①Beauty stirs the memory like a sweet perfume excites the air.
Auratog①The auratog enjoys eating its wards.
Aurelia, the Warleader①Where Razia was aloof and untouchable, Aurelia is on the frontlines, calling for war.
Auriok Bladewarden①The Auriok have learned through constant struggle that allies are more precious than water.
Auriok Champion①"Her will shall banish the shadows. Her might shall punish the lawless. Her beauty shall restore the light."↵-Ushanti, leonin seer
Auriok Champion①Mirrodin's deepest caverns conceal its brightest hopes.
Auriok Edgewright①Auriok soldiers craft their own weapons, forging a connection to the steel with each blow of the hammer.
Auriok Glaivemaster①"Give me a bit of steel and I'll deliver it into the hearts of my enemies."
Auriok Replica①All the loyalty of the Auriok with only a trace of their self-righteousness.
Auriok Salvagers①"Memnarch or the vedalken salvage most of the large machines, leaving us only scraps. Scraps are enough."
Auriok Siege Sled①Everything in its path is either pushed aside or ground under.
Auriok Steelshaper①They put their safety in his hands. He puts sharpened steel in theirs.
Auriok Sunchaser①"Grant me loft. Grant me light. Grant me the accuracy I need to kill all who threaten Bladehold."↵-Prayer to the Whitesun
Auriok Survivors①"We are Mirrodin's children. We will reclaim her-one scrap at a time, if we have to."
Auriok Transfixer①"My grandfather knew enough spells to fill a hundred scrolls. Nowadays, if a spell cannot fight the levelers, it is not even taught to our young."
Auriok Windwalker①Each generation, a handful of Auriok girls are allowed to visit the Cave of Light. They return riding the wind and brandishing steel.
Aurochs①One Auroch may feed a village, but a herd will flatten it.
Aurochs①One auroch may feed a village, but a herd will flatten it.
Aurochs①One aurochs may feed a village, but a herd will flatten it.
Aurora Champion①Many combatants at Valor's Reach wield glowing weapons to distract their enemies and delight the crowd.
Aurora Griffin①Though a fierce fighter, its true value is that it inspires beleaguered forces.
Aurora of Emrakul①"I felt compelled to take the twisted stone, and I abandoned my horse's burden to accommodate its weight. Now, its continued glow illuminates my home and warms my mind."↵-Garner Kroft, Moorland farmer
Authority of the Consuls①Citizens are free to do as they wish, within the confines of the Consulate's laws.
Autochthon Wurm①The trainer awoke to begin the journey from the wurm's tail to its head. The sun was setting when she arrived.
Autograph Book①"It was a pleasure to meet me."↵-Captain Rex Nebula
Automated Artificer①"I sometimes watch them build more of their kind and wonder: Will there come a day when they no longer need us?"↵-Saku, Futurist technician
Automatic Librarian①Enforcing absolute quiet with extreme prejudice since 3285 AR.
Autumn Willow①"We must shake her limbs and rattle her brains."↵-Grandmother Sengir
Autumn's Veil①The rustling of leaves and a passing shadow are a dryad's only trace.
Avacyn's Memorial①They had no marble, so the faithful repaired her likeness with wood, straw, twine, and clay.
Avacyn's Pilgrim①"Avacyn's protection is everywhere. From the holy church to the sacred glade, all that we see is under her blessed watch."
Avacyn, Angel of Hope①A golden helix streaked skyward from the Helvault. A thunderous explosion shattered the silver monolith and Avacyn emerged, free from her prison at last.
Avacyn, Angel of Hope①Avacyn lives on in the hearts and minds of Innistrad's people.
Avacyn, the Purifier①"Wings that once bore hope are now stained with blood. She is our guardian no longer."↵-Grete, cathar apostate
Avacynian Missionaries①"We come bearing the word of Avacyn and the Lunarch Council."
Avacynian Priest①Moorlanders speak in awe of the priests' talent for arriving just in time to drive off the wicked things that prowl the ravished parish.
Avalanche Tusker①"Hold the high ground, then bring it to your enemy"↵-Surrak, khan of the Temur
Avalanche Tusker①"Hold the high ground, then bring it to your enemy."↵-Surrak, khan of the Temur
Avalanche①"The pass was completely blocked by the avalanche; we're forced to turn back. Nevertheless, we've gone farther and seen more than any before us."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Avarice Amulet①Designed by Penny Arcade
Avarice Totem①Souls and steel, the essence of Mirrodin. Memnarch lacks one but has an abundance of the other.
Avaricious Dragon①Waste follows want.
Avatar of Discord①Such is the power of Rakdos that even his shadow takes on a cruel life of its own.
Avatar of Might①In their most desperate hour, the elves of Llanowar had one song left to sing.
Avatar of Slaughter①"Diplomacy has solved nothing. Only bloodspill can end this now. Call forth the warbringer."↵-Basandra, Battle Seraph
Avatar of the Resolute①It exemplifies the ideals of the Dromoka: strength, unity, and honor.
Aven Archer①Aimed by the eyes of eagles, their arrows never miss the mark.
Aven Augur①"I have seen the future. It does not include you."
Aven Battle Priest①When the shadow of the aven falls across the battlefield, hope rises in the hearts of the soldiers.
Aven Brigadier①He represents what little pride the Order has left.
Aven Cloudchaser①"At the Reapportionment, Eagle begged to be human. The Ancestor granted half that prayer."↵-Nomad myth
Aven Envoy①Their grieving faces tell far more than a list of casualties ever could.
Aven Eternal①"I've never seen the firemane angels so anxious."↵-Tajic
Aven Farseer①His enemies' trickery and deceit only fuel his righteous anger.
Aven Fisher①The same spears that catch their food today will defend their homes tomorrow.
Aven Fleetwing①"It was too fast, even for our veteran archers. They might as well have been blowing it kisses."↵-Vulok, elvish archer
Aven Flock①Just as each added feather steadies the wing, so does the flock grow stronger with each new member.
Aven Fogbringer①"I cover the land with blankets and it sleeps."
Aven Gagglemaster①An aven's gear is enchanted to avoid weighing them down during aerial maneuvers.
Aven Mimeomancer①"If the skies are our only refuge, I will see all of us take wing."
Aven Mindcensor①"The only question we need to ask is how best to fulfill the will of the God-Pharaoh."
Aven Redeemer①Redeemers rise with the sun, and the spirits of the people rise with them.
Aven Reedstalker①"Our best chance against the Eternals will be tactics they've never seen and styles they've never trained in."
Aven Sentry①"My flock flew from a distant continent ruined by cataclysm and war. Benalia gave us shelter to end our exodus."
Aven Skirmisher①"We do not hide from the dragons that pretend to rule the skies. If we did, the dragons would become our rulers, and our way of life would be lost."
Aven Smokeweaver①In a world still pained from burns, some are born already scarred.
Aven Soulgazer①"Every question has a proper answer. Every soul has a proper place."
Aven Squire①When the meek charge into battle, courage becomes infectious.
Aven Tactician①The aven are admired, for they are able to fly with the dragons.
Aven Trailblazer①"The bird wore the form of a man, bereft of filigree. Why do the Texts not speak of it?"↵-Belator of Esper
Aven Trooper①The very skies seethe with the aven's hatred for the Cabal.
Aven Wind Mage①"My skill sharpens with each beat of my wings."
Aven Windreader①"The tiniest ripple tells a story ten fathoms deep."
Aven of Enduring Hope①"This storm will calm. We must believe that."
Avenging Arrow①"Forgive the theft. Punish the deception."↵-Alcarus, Selesnya archer
Avenging Huntbonder①"I teach the cubs how to kill the two-legs quickly, and why it's best for the pride."
Avenging Hunter①"I will remember my friends. But you? You won't be remembered at all."
Averna, the Chaos Bloom①"Nature is a dance. Master it, and the world can keep no secrets from you."
Avian Changeling①Today it flies with the flock. Tomorrow it may wake to find them gone, its body in an unfamiliar form.
Aviary Mechanic①Pilots take crippled skyships to the Aviaries, trusting Ghirapur's most talented mechanics to get them back into the air.
Aviation Pioneer①"They say perfection is unattainable, but they said that about flight too."
Avid Reclaimer①"All can't be lost. Nissa has shown me that."
Avizoa①"Maybe we can trap them with bait," thought Tahngarth, eyeing Squee.
Awaken the Ancient①Some days you stand to greet the horizon. Other days the horizon stands to greet you.
Awaken the Bear①When Temur warriors enter the battle trance known as "awakening the bear," they lose all sense of enemy or friend, seeing only threats to the wilderness.
Awaken the Erstwhile①In preparation for the conflict all foresaw, the Golgari called upon an army that had slept for millennia beneath the city.
Awakened Amalgam①"The fools have done it."↵-Tishana
Awakener Druid①The druids of Mazar treat each seedcone with respect for the warrior it will become.
Awakening Zone①The ground erupted in time with the hedron's thrum, a dirge of the last days.
Awakening of Vitu-Ghazi①The Eternal armies advanced on Vitu-Ghazi. At Nissa's command, Vitu-Ghazi advanced on them.
Awakening①"There are times when destiny calls forth a people and demands an action. *Now* is the time. *We* are the people. *This* is our action. Charge!"↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Awe Strike①Stunned by the mere presence of the leonin kha, the nim raider quickly fell to its knees.
Awe for the Guilds①When the guilds cooperate, the guildless celebrate their peaceful society. When the guilds clash, the guildless just try to keep out of the way.
Awesome Presence①"At the core of all power is raw passion." -Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Awesome Presence①"I shape my weapons from the fears of my enemies."↵-Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Awoken Demon①Bones cracked, flesh split apart, and the screams of euphoric agony gave way to unholy laughter.
Awoken Horror①"It serves as evidence of the ancient power of the deep, a reminder that the sea is the only thing worthy of reverence."↵-Runo Stromkirk
Axebane Beast①"Imagine a gigantic pine cone that's extremely territorial and always in a foul mood."↵-Zhosmir, urban huntmaster
Axebane Guardian①Only a worthy few are permitted within the sentient forest known as Axebane.
Axebane Stag①"When the spires have burned and the cobblestones are dust, he will take his rightful place as king of the wilds."↵-Kirce, Axebane guardian
Axegrinder Giant①The angriest of giants are often the most skillful weaponsmiths. Their grudges fuel endless sessions at the forge, all the while growling ferociously to themselves.
Axgard Braggart①"Heavy? Ha! The Trollking of Mossrun was heavy, and I tossed him five miles!"
Axgard Cavalry①Riding the goat↵-Dwarven expression meaning↵"a foolhardy act of bravery"
Axis of Mortality①The Church of Dusk teaches there is no gain without loss, no triumph without sacrifice, no drink of exquisite crimson without a dying gasp.
Ayara, First of Locthwain①Mourning shifts seamlessly to celebration as she chooses her next suitor.
Aysen Abbey①Serra's gift to her people: a symbol of faith and hope.
Aysen Bureaucrats①"All the tortures of my vault of horrors pale in comparison to dealing with those petty Bureaucrats."↵-Baron Sengir
Aysen Bureaucrats①"I would say that our Bureaucrats are no better than vipers-but I shouldn't insult the vipers."↵-Murat, Death Speaker
Aysen Bureaucrats①"I would say that our bureaucrats are no better than vipers-but I shouldn't insult the vipers."↵-Murat, death speaker
Aysen Bureaucrats①"When one's word is law, one's whim is equally binding."↵-Calmont, Aysen bureaucrat
Aysen Crusader①"A renegade rallying the rabble does not a true Crusader make."↵-Irini Sengir
Aysen Crusader①"A renegade rallying the rabble does not a true crusader make."↵-Irini Sengir
Aysen Highway①"Tread the roads of righteousness, Murat, lest you lose your way and be consumed."↵-Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Ayula's Influence①Ayula's runic clawmarks ensure her territories are never left defenseless.
Ayula, Queen Among Bears①Born from the oldest red cedar, nursed on the sap of the tallest spruce, coronated under the mightiest pine.
Ayumi, the Last Visitor①Before Shinka's walls were built, before the torii at Okina stood, she was there, tall and proud against the sky, and she will be there long after they have fallen into dust.
Azami, Lady of Scrolls①"Choices belong to those with the luxuries of time and distance. We have neither. I recommend we proceed with the plan to destroy all shrines of the kami."↵-Lady Azami, letter to Sensei Hisoka
Azami, Lady of Scrolls①"Fashion belongs to those with the luxuries of style and taste. I have both."
Azimaet Drake①"A vizier's dish, best served drenched in honey and almonds."↵-Suq'Ata royal recipe
Azorius Aethermage①In her single metasphere are bound the records of every Ætheric transaction since the time of Azor.
Azorius Arrester①"You have the right to remain silent. Mostly because I tire of your excuses."
Azorius Charm①"The rules of logic and order have already made the choice for you."↵-Isperia
Azorius Cluestone①Its three sides represent the Sova, judges and arbitrators; the Jelenn, scribes and elocutors; and the Lyev, lawmages and enforcers.
Azorius First-Wing①With a steady diet of lawbreakers, Azorius griffins inevitably develop a resistance to the contraband magic that taints much of their prey.
Azorius Guildgate①"If the populace fears our authority, then I'd say we have an appropriately sensible populace."↵-Dovin Baan
Azorius Guildgate①"If you want to know what's really going on in any building, you don't walk in the front door. You stake out the back."↵-Lavinia
Azorius Guildgate①Enter the Senate, the seat of justice and the foundation of Ravnican society.
Azorius Guildgate①The Azorius symbol stares down like a great eye, reminding visitors of the watchful presence of Isperia and her lawmages.
Azorius Herald①"As peace should be-gentle yet unstoppable."↵-Augustin IV
Azorius Justiciar①"Your potential to commit a crime warrants further investigation."
Azorius Keyrune①"The higher the mind soars, the greater its understanding of the law."↵-Isperia
Azorius Knight-Arbiter①Thanks to the magic in his Writ of Passage, alms beasts lumbered aside, anarchs bowed their heads, and even Rakdos acrobats rolled their spikewheels out of his way.
Azorius Locket①"Mandatory lockets enable the tracking of all Senate personnel for improved security and efficiency."↵-Dovin Baan
Azorius Ploy①Azorius military tactics, like their legal tactics, capitalize on delay and nullification.
Azorius Signet①The maze-like design embodies the core of Azorius law -strict structure designed to test wills and stall change.
Azorius Signet①The maze-like design embodies the core of Azorius law-strict structure designed to test wills and stall change.
Azorius Skyguard①"These new thopters are all well and good, but four eyes are better than none."
Azra Bladeseeker①"Never get too attached to a weapon. You must allow a better one to find its way to you."
Azra Oddsmaker①"I never give odds on my own fights. Unless, of course, you want to bet *against* me . . ."
Azure Drake①Little dreamt could seem so cruel As waiting for the wings outspread, The jagged teeth, the burning eyes, And dagger-claws that clench to nerves.
Azure Drake①More so than "storm" or "pirate," "drake" is the word a sailor least wants to hear.
Azure Drake①The Azure Drake would be more powerful were it not so easily distracted.
Azure Fleet Admiral①"Your concern for my safety is touching, but as long as your gunners remain reliably erratic, I see no reason to change course."↵-Admiral Yelise, to Commodore Axurik
Azure Mage①"We draw our power from the infinite ocean of the mind, where all manner of things can be conceived."↵-Azure creed
Azusa, Lost but Seeking①"I do not miss Jukai Forest. It is not my home. My home is Kamigawa, its people my family. Wherever I set my pack and rest my head, I am home."
B-I-N-G-O①There was a farmer, had a hound . . .
B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster)①"It was big. Really, really big. No, bigger↵No, more. Look, we're talking krakens and
B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster)①than that. Even bigger. Keep going. More.↵dreadnoughts for jewelry. It was *big*!"↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Baaallerina①Cute as a mutton.
Baba Lysaga, Night Witch①Better the cold night than her warm hospitality.
Back for More①"How can you be sure you pierced its heart? Do you even know where its heart is?"↵-Trundan, Indatha poacher
Back from the Brink①On Innistrad, death is just a career change.
Back to Basics①"A ruler wears a crown while the rest of us wear hats, but which would you rather have when it's raining?"↵-Barrin, *Principia*
Back to Nature①"Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same."↵-Ralph Waldo Emerson, *Essays*
Back to Nature①There will always be those who presume to improve nature, or dare to befoul it. And nature will always have a response.
Backdraft Hellkite①Memories burn with the brightest flames.
Backlash①Darigaaz decided his foe would be more useful as a weapon.
Backslide①Some things are better left unknown.
Backstreet Bruiser①"I could show you what's in the case, but it'd be the last thing you ever see."
Backup Agent①"My sources say the Beamtown Bullies were spotted in the Mezzio. Keep your eyes sharp and stay close to me."
Backup Plan①"In the market for an alternative, friend?"
Backwoods Survivalists①Paranoia has driven some Kessig communities to hunt down anything-and anyone-that travels through their woods.
Bad Ass①He wanders the land in search of Good Ass.
Bad Deal①There are still places where a smile and a handshake are all you need to seal a deal.
Badlands①2016 North American Legacy Champion
Bag Check①"As long as there's no outside food, you're good to go."
Bag of Holding①Leave no treasure behind.
Bag of Holding①There's no prepared like overprepared.
Bag of Tricks①From fuzzy to ferocious in an instant.
Baird, Argivian Recruiter①"Fear doesn't make you a coward; giving in to it does. Now take up your sword and fight!"
Baird, Steward of Argive①"The walls of Argive were built by a peaceful dynastic union that has guarded us against war for fifteen centuries. The lesson is clear."
Baithook Angler①Geor was determined to stay out until he got a bite from something big.
Bake into a Pie①"My secret ingredient? Well, I can't tell you that. But here's a hint. It's not love."
Baki's Curse①"Those who fling spells too quickly should have reason to regret it."↵-Baki, Wizard Attendant
Bala Ged Recovery①"Always have a backup plan."↵-Doral, Bala Ged guide
Bala Ged Sanctuary①"I know it's around here somewhere."↵-Doral, Bala Ged guide
Bala Ged Scorpion①Fast and lethal, with a penchant for the weak and infirm.
Balan, Wandering Knight①"What weapon will you bear against one who's mastered them all?"
Balance of Power①"To empty your mind is to fill your grave."↵-Lat-Nam teaching
Baldur's Gate①"Of course I know what 'eponymous' means! It's a little horse."↵-Krizz, gate guard
Balduvian Barbarians①"Barbarian raids were a concern to those living in the northwest provinces, but the Skyknights never dealt with the problem in a systematic way. They thought of the Balduvians as an 'amusing model' of their forebears' culture."↵-*Kjeldor: Ice Civilization*
Balduvian Barbarians①"Barbarian raids were a concern to those living in the northwest provinces, but the skyknights never dealt with the problem in a systematic way. They thought of the Balduvians as an 'amusing model' of their forebears' culture."↵-*Kjeldor: Ice Civilization*
Balduvian Barbarians①"From the snowy slopes of Kaelor, To the canyons of Bandu, We drink and fight and feast and die As we were born to do."↵-Balduvian tavern song
Balduvian Bears①"They're a hardy bunch, but I'd still bet that they just slept through the worst of the cold times."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Balduvian Conjurer①"The very lands of Balduvia are alive."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Balduvian Conjurer①"The very lands of Balduvia are alive."↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Balduvian Frostwaker①"Whether frozen or fertile, the land is our ally. It awaits the call to battle."
Balduvian Horde①"Peace will come only when we have taken Varchild's head."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Balduvian Horde①"Peace will come only when we have taken Varchild's head."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Balduvian Horde①"We earn no medals and fight for no titles. Blood is proof of our victory."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes
Balduvian Rage①"Let your heartbeat be the thunder in the valley. Let your swords be the lightning on the peaks."↵-Lothar Lovisason, Balduvian chieftain
Balduvian War-Makers①"Those mewling Barbarians will cower before my righteous steel!"↵-General Varchild
Balduvian War-Makers①"We send our best to battle, but every man, woman, and child will stand against Varchild's butchers."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Balefire Dragon①If it comes for you, die boldly or die swiftly-for die you will.
Baleful Ammit①"Not all in our crop deserve the afterlife. We must leave the unworthy behind, Samut."↵-Djeru, initiate of Tah crop
Baleful Force①"As with any malevolent being, the trick is knowing how long you can afford to keep it in your service."↵-Liliana Vess
Baleful Stare①"Though there is little to be learned from your dust and stones, I shall wring them dry nevertheless."
Baleful Stare①He can drown you in his eyes.
Baleful Strix①Its beak rends flesh and bone, exposing the tender marrow of dream.
Baleful Strix①Some superstitious persons believe that owls, being creatures of the night, are agents of Evil; but those who make such claims see only the reflection of their own guilty Consciences.
Ball Lightning①"Life, struck sharp on death, Makes awful lightning."↵-Elizabeth Barrett Browning,↵"Aurora Leigh"
Ball Lightning①"Life, struck sharp on death,↵Makes awful lightning."↵-Elizabeth Barrett Browning,↵"Aurora Leigh"
Ball Lightning①The most frightening storms are those not woven by nature's hand.
Ballista Squad①The perfect antidote for a tightly packed formation.
Ballista Watcher①"Careful, this thing's dangerous. Wouldn't want anyone getting hurt."
Balloon Peddler①The market festival turned out to be the high point of Jaffy's visit.
Balloon Stand①"INPUT ACCEPTED: SHIVAN DRAGON. INITIATING . . . ERROR! GIRAFFE. GIRAFFE. GIRAFFE."
Balloon Stand①"MY PRIMARY FUNCTION IS TO FOLD INFLATABLE TUBES INTO JOY."
Balloon Stand①Buy enough balloons and it turns into a ride.
Balloon Stand①There is a very real danger that the squeaking will rally nearby squirrels to battle.
Ballot Broker①"Merchants and politicians differ only in name."↵-Queen Marchesa
Ballroom Brawlers①Don't try to cut in. They'll cut back.
Ballynock Cohort①A kithkin's worst enemy is solitude.
Ballynock Trapper①No matter how large or small, fierce or fleeting, the kithkin have a trap for it.
Ballyrush Banneret①Only wool from the side of the springjack turned most often to the sun can be woven into kithkin battle standards. Jackherds record every movement of their woolly-jacks until shearing.
Balm of Restoration①"Not all armies enjoyed the services of a medic. For them, Balm of Restoration was that much more valuable."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Balmor, Battlemage Captain①"Even the most hardened armies are ill-equipped to defend against an onslaught from the sky."
Baloth Gorger①A baloth only cares about the many things it eats and the few things that eat it.
Baloth Null①"Humans use pigs to hunt for mushrooms, don't they? It's like that."↵-Harak, Malakir bloodwitch
Baloth Pup①A young baloth channels its energy into playful destructiveness. Over time, it becomes less playful but no less destructive.
Baloth Woodcrasher①Its insatiable hunger quickly depletes a region of prey. It must migrate from place to place to feed its massive bulk.
Balshan Collaborator①"Power, gold, crackers-every bird has its price."↵-Chainer, dementia master
Balshan Griffin①It helps to have an extra direction in which to run.
Balthor the Defiled①He remembers enough of his life to weep for what he has lost.
Balthor the Defiled①He was once one of the mightiest pit fighters alive. That description is still mostly accurate.
Balthor the Stout①"I like to think of him as concentrated barbarian."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Bamboo Grove Archer①"Do not mistake tranquility for domestication. This land is wild, and will always remain so."
Bamboozling Beeble①Myra bought beetles because they were cheaper than rubber ducks. Now the infestation is her largest expense.
Band Together①"Boo, let's see how this miscreant handles a furry missile of justice!"
Band Together①In times of peril, the vision the ancient paruns had for their city comes into focus.
Bandage①Life is measured in inches. To a healer, every one of those inches is precious.
Bandage①Takara shook with guilt. She knew the last image her father had seen was her sword flashing toward him.
Bane Alley Blackguard①"I'm in the field of procurement, and business is good. The guilds want all kinds of maps and relics these days, though what they want them for I'm not quite sure."
Bane of Bala Ged①The continent of Bala Ged was ravaged by massive Eldrazi of Ulamog's lineage, its lush jungles and cascading rivers reduced to dust.
Bane of Hanweir①Technically he never left his post. He looks after the wolf wherever it goes.
Bane of Progress①It sees shaped stone and carved wood as mutilations.
Bane of Progress①Urza's forces tore across Argoth, and Argoth responded in kind.
Bane's Contingency①"My whims dictate the fate of nations. Your pitiful mortal magic is no more significant than a gnat buzzing in my ear."
Bane's Invoker①"The Lord of Darkness elevates only those who serve."
Baneblade Scoundrel①"I was a mere cutpurse until I learned the going rate for fresh corpses."
Banefire①For Sarkhan Vol, the dragon is the purest expression of life's savage splendor.
Baneful Omen①"Ah, again it does not bode well for you."
Banehound①"I wish I could train a pack of them for hunting in the undercity. But I'd never dare turn my back, and I hate to think what I'd have to feed them."↵-Zhosmir, urban huntmaster
Baneslayer Angel①Some angels protect the meek and innocent. Others seek out and smite evil wherever it lurks.
Banewasp Affliction①The consuming undeath of Grixis terrifies the survivors of Vithia, but its fauna is just as fearsome.
Banewhip Punisher①"If I die, it will not be alone."
Banisher Priest①"Oathbreaker, I cast you out!"
Banishing Knack①Suddenly he realized that everything was connected by invisible strings, strings that could be pulled-or cut.
Banishing Light①The Champion reached for a stone, and Heliod placed the sun into her hand.↵-*The Theriad*
Banishing Slash①"In the name of Kyodai, begone!"
Banishment Decree①"Unworthy of consecration."↵-Axsh, lesser cenobite
Bankrupt in Blood①"Your spirits can rest in peace, for your debts are paid."
Banners Raised①After the destruction of the Helvault, fearful mobs soon became fearless battalions.
Banshee①Some say Banshees are the hounds of Death, baying to herd their prey into the arms of their master.
Bant Battlemage①"A night attack will be easy. We'll make an air raid over the Akrasan border. Just get me some flint to light the war torches."
Bant Charm①Bant is a world where death and chaos hold no sway.
Bant Panorama①Bant's hearts are as pure as its air and as bright as its skies.
Bant Sojourners①"We must spread Bant's light before we are shadowed over."
Bant Sureblade①Soldiers who fought through Grixis learned to hit first, recite the prayer of Asha later.
Bar Entry①"You will either begin or end the ride no taller than this."
Bar the Door①"It may not look like much, but it's a good old door with strong wards. It'll hold."↵-Olgard of the Skiltfolk
Bar the Gate①"This path is closed to you!"
Baral's Expertise①"Get out of my way."
Baral, Chief of Compliance①"The echo of silence is music to my ears."
Barbarian Bully①"Out of my way!"
Barbarian General①"Barbarian tribes with their rulers are inferior to Chinese states without them."↵-Confucius, *The Analects* (trans. Lau)
Barbarian Horde①Only twenty years after the Sima clan united the empire, invading barbarians divided it again.
Barbarian Lunatic①"I once saw a single barbarian charge a band of twenty nomads. I've seen some crazy ones, too."↵-Nomad sentry
Barbarian Outcast①"We offer power to anyone willing to take it. Sadly, few are unburdened enough by their prejudices to accept."↵-Cabal surgeon
Barbarian Riftcutter①"Riftcutters are suicidal anarchists, waving those lightning axes around so much that the walls are as likely to fall as their foes."↵-Heruj, Selesnya initiate
Barbary Apes①Unpredictable in the extreme, these carnivorous apes will prey even upon their own kind.
Barbed Battlegear①"One need only look at the inhabitants of this world to see that they are forged halfway to perfection. All they need is a whisper of the Glorious Word."↵-Urabrask the Hidden
Barbed Field①Wherever they went, the Keldons transformed the land into a weapon.
Barbed Lightning①Every creature on Mirrodin is a lightning rod.
Barbed Shocker①Fervid shamans willingly submit to shockers in hopes of glimpsing the fortunes of the future.
Barbed Sliver①Spans of spines leapt from one sliver to the next, forming a deadly hedge around the *Weatherlight*.
Barbed Sliver①Spans of spines leapt from one sliver to the next, forming a deadly hedge around the Weatherlight.
Barbed Wire①A steel snake with ten thousand teeth.
Barbed-Back Wurm①"The Mwonvuli Jungle has given the darkness teeth for tearing the gift of life from the weak."↵-Jolrael
Barbtooth Wurm①In its lair lies a carpet of bones.
Bargaining Table①Although it looks like a game, business around the table is deadly serious.
Bargain①Bargaining with a goblin is like trading with a child; both believe they already own everything.
Barge In①The giant had heard of locks, but he had yet to discover a door he couldn't open.
Barging Sergeant①"Don't stop till your horns come out their back."
Barkchannel Pathway①"Listen! The trees tell tales of their ancestors in the whisper-song of leaves."↵-Inga Rune-Eyes
Barkhide Mauler①Anywhere else they would be hunted for their skins, but in Wirewood, they are safe.
Barktooth Warbeard①He is devious and cunning, in both appearance and deed. Beware the Warbeard, for this brute bites as well as he barks!
Barkweave Crusher①"Phyrexia may be ancient, but Gaea is eternal."↵-Queen Allenal of Ruadach
Barl's Cage①For a dozen years the Cage had held Lord Ith, but as the Pretender Mairsil's power weakened, so did the bars.
Barl's Cage①For a dozen years the cage had held Lord Ith, but as the Pretender Mairsil's power weakened, so did the bars.
Baron Sengir①"Beast. Defiler. The source of all my pain."↵-Ihsan's Shade
Barony Vampire①"Poor little sun-dweller out past curfew. And to think, you might have survived if it wasn't so close to suppertime."
Barrage Ogre①The elves had devised countless strategies to combat Memnarch's war machines, but they had no idea what to do when one was *thrown* at them.
Barrage Tyrant①Terrible fury. Excellent aim.
Barrage of Boulders①Crude tactics can be effective nonetheless.
Barrage of Expendables①Goblin generals don't distinguish between troops and ammunition.
Barreling Attack①"The trollish game of push-fall inspired this impressive tactic."↵-Sidar Jabari
Barren Glory①"The only perfect world is an empty world, with no one to sin or wage war."↵-Tarran, magus of the disk
Barren Moor①Millennia of constant warfare have left many planets with very little worth fighting over.
Barrenton Cragtreads①"Boggarts are easy to get around. Just toss some mutton in another direction. Giants are a little harder. You have to be quick to avoid their steps. Cinders are the difficult ones, but even they have fears to be exploited."
Barrenton Medic①His dreams are filled with noxious powders and clinking vials.
Barricade Breaker①"The Consulate sought to crush us. Let's give them a taste of their own medicine."↵-Venkat Dasai, renegade commander
Barrier Breach①"They cast wards, thinking it will protect them, but the biggest monsters find a way through."↵-Kinnan, bonder prodigy
Barrier of Bones①The Dimir rarely make statements, but when they do, the message is clear.
Barrin's Spite①"Only vengeance matters now."↵-Barrin
Barrin, Master Wizard①"Knowledge is no more expensive than ignorance, and at least as satisfying."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Barrin, Tolarian Archmage①"There is no age at which you stop learning."
Barrin①An old and powerful wizard living on the mysterious isle of Tolaria, Barrin is the teacher who trained the young Ertai. He is also Hanna's father, but for reasons known only to the two of them neither acknowledges the other-or their strained relationship.
Barroom Brawl①"I'll see your three dragons and raise you two fists!"
Barrow Ghoul①"They killed my family to deny me a future. They fed on my ancestors to deny me a past."↵-Crovax
Barrow Witches①"Taste the sweetness, breath for breath. Keep the balance, death for death."↵-Barrow witch incantation
Bartel Runeaxe①Thundering down from Hammerheim, no foe could slow Bartel's charge.
Barter in Blood①"In the game of conquest, who cares about the pawns if the king yet reigns?"↵-Geth, keeper of the Vault
Barter in Blood①"We must all make sacrifices for the good of Innistrad."↵-Sorin Markov
Bartered Cow①At the market, no one heeded Hilda's frantic mooing. The fae curse was turning out even worse than she had feared.
Bartizan Bats①"Bats are welcome to eat thousands of my pets. I have multitudes more that will ultimately eat the bats."↵-Izoni
Bartizan Bats①At night, bats will feast on whatever is drawn to lanterns and streetlights.
Basal Sliver①"Fascinating . . . These creatures display the paradox of tenacity and purposed self-destruction I have sought to breed into my thrulls."↵-Endrek Sahr, master breeder
Basal Thrull①"Above all, a well crafted Thrull should be hideous-blasted of countenance and twisted of limb-to inspire fear and revulsion."↵-Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
Basal Thrull①"To create the first Thrulls, I only introduced alchemic elements into the Order's necromancy; Tourach's principles remained unchanged."↵-Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
Basal Thrull①Although my later designs were much more sophisticated, Basal Thrulls were no less a success."↵-Endrek Sahr, "Thrulls"
Basal Thrull①Initially bred for sacrifice, the Thrulls eventually turned on their masters, the Order of the Ebon Hand, with gruesome results.↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Basal Thrull①Initially bred for sacrifice, the thrulls eventually turned on their masters, the Order of the Ebon Hand, with gruesome results.↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Basandra, Battle Seraph①"Why listen to the mumblings of wizards when the lash speaks true?"
Base Camp①A new dawn, a new adventure.
Basic Conjuration①"I made that! It's mine! Did you see that?"
Basilica Bell-Haunt①You can hear their tolling only when your debt is due.
Basilica Guards①"None may pass . . . for free."
Basilica Screecher①A screech in the night is all it takes for Orzhov debtors to clutch at their coin purses.
Basilisk Collar①During their endless travels, the mages of the Goma Fada caravan have learned ways to harness both life and death.
Basilisk Collar①Some patriars pay massive sums for exotic pets that can give their posh, predictable lives an edge of danger.
Basilisk Gate①The eastern passage into the city is filled with reminders that the patriars are literally looking down on you.
Basri's Acolyte①Basri carries on his god's legacy, spreading her teachings throughout the Multiverse.
Basri's Aegis①"As long as we survive, we can rebuild."↵-Basri Ket
Basri's Solidarity①"The will to fight and act as one is not limited to a single world. Oketra's teachings are universal."↵-Basri Ket
Bassara Tower Archer①Setessan warriors of Bassara Tower are known for their guerrilla tactics and skill with the bow. Interlopers into the Nessian Wood do not get far.
Bastion Enforcer①Headquartered at the Bastion of the Honorable, the Consulate's enforcers are charged with the impossible task of keeping the peace.
Bastion Enforcer①Headquartered at the Bastion of the Honorable, the soldiers of Ghirapur are charged with the task of keeping peace in the city.
Bastion Inventor①"This armor transcends the limitations of mere flesh and bone."
Bastion Mastodon①The Consulate's automaton bank contains only the most impressive specimens.
Bastion Protector①"As long as I stand, so will your cause."
Bastion Protector①"By this oath, I pledge to stand by thee, against traitor, beast, or fiend, for only in death does duty end."
Bastion of Remembrance①Lives taken are lives not easily forgotten.
Bat Whisperer①"My little winged friends tell me which of these townsfolk are worth tasting for myself."
Bathe in Dragonfire①The scent of cooked flesh lingers in the charred landscape of Tarkir.
Bathe in Gold①For most, deadly. For a dragon, decadent.
Bathe in Light①"Truth shines even in darkness. Those who march on the side of truth walk always in righteous light."
Baton of Morale①"The Goblins would kill to get ahold of this one."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Battalion Foot Soldier①"With me! Break this line and the rest will fall!"
Battered Golem①A dent marks every year of service, and it has as much rust as glory.
Batterhorn①Novice shopkeeps spend hours deciding how best to display their wares. Veterans focus on portability.
Battering Craghorn①Their skeletons can be found all over Skirk Ridge, tangled in each other's horns.
Battering Ram①By the time Mishra was defeated, no mage was foolish enough to rely heavily on walls.
Battering Sliver①Covered with hard shell-like plates, these slivers burrow through solid rock to carve out new nests for their hives.
Battershield Warrior①"I need no axe to best these weaklings."
Battle Brawler①Every time he returns from battle unscathed, he feels a tinge of disappointment.
Battle Cry①"In the thick of battle, you must keep your wits about you. Yelling a lot helps, too."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Battle Display①"Courage is the only shield I need."
Battle Frenzy①"One day you, too, shall drink the blood of your foes. It is something to look forward to."↵-Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Battle Hurda①"Murasan hurdas were too aggressive to tolerate a harness, so we put them on guard duty. Now the bandits can't get within spitting distance of us."↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Battle Hymn①"A church is just wood and walls. A congregation is the faithful praising the angels."↵-Kolman, elder of Gatstaf
Battle Mastery①"Boom! Boom! Boots the size of oxcarts, then an axe like a falling sun. Elves scattered. Trees scattered. Even the hills ran for the hills!"↵-*Clachan Tales*
Battle Mastery①"There is elegance in all the Ojutai do-even their killing."↵-Kirada, Silumgar enforcer
Battle Rampart①"I will build no sanctuaries. The safety you seek can be won only by the sword."↵-Yannash, outpost builder
Battle Screech①All sounds harmonize with the Worldsoul.
Battle Sliver①"One emitted a strange series of buzzing clicks and guttural commands, then clawed arms emerged from all of them. Is there no limit to their adaptations?"↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Battle Squadron①The goblins made an unruly pile with military precision.
Battle Strain①The pits swallow the weak as predators swallow prey.
Battle at the Bridge①"This is bigger than you. All of you."↵-Tezzeret
Battle of Wits①The wizard who reads a thousand books is powerful. The wizard who memorizes a thousand books is insane.
Battle of Wits①There is no loftier ambition than the pursuit of knowledge.
Battle-Mad Ronin①"I fought fiercely, bravely, and without mercy. Had I not struck down my captain in the heat of battle, I might have become a hero instead of an outcast."
Battle-Rage Blessing①"Since when is it cheating to give one side an unfair advantage?"↵-Braids
Battle-Rattle Shaman①The shaman rattles not to inspire a battle fury but to drown out the shrieks of those fleeing the Eldrazi.
Battlefield Forge①Golf Sucks Now And Has Always Sucked
Battlefield Medic①"Death never stops to rest. Neither can we."
Battlefield Promotion①"Welcome to the Legion. You saved a district-now let's go save the world."
Battlefield Raptor①It wheeled upward, away from the shrieks and thunder. It reached the point where sky met smoke, and, but with a glance at the horizon, aimed itself and dove.
Battleflight Eagle①Eagles make fine mounts, but they're too proud to carry anyone for long.
Battlefly Swarm①Having encountered the bitter Phyrexian battleflies before, Squee knew not to bother eating them-or at least to stop after the fifth.
Battlefront Krushok①Krushoks clear debris from fertile fields, fallow fields, and battlefields.
Battlegate Mimic①Mimics don't need perfect disguises. They need only the perfect victims: the naive, the young, or the poor of sight.
Battleground Geist①Not content to nudge vases and chill drawing rooms, some geists muster spectral armies to claw at the hearts of the living.
Battlegrowth①"I would gladly die for the forest, but I'm much better at killing for it."
Battletide Alchemist①"I do not heal. Healing means that the pain has already been felt. To stop suffering, one must prevent the world's wounds altogether."
Battlewise Aven①Experience is a good teacher, not a kind one.
Battlewise Valor①It's never good to walk into an ambush, but with the right spell you might walk out again.
Bay Falcon①"Wear the falcon's feathers in your hair- be fast as the falcon, bright as the Sun."↵-"Rise on Wings," Zhalfirin song
Bayou Dragonfly①"Like a sugar stick with wings!"↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Bayou Groff①"Groffs are great for tracking pests through the muck, but securing the pests before the groff devours them is a dicey endeavor."↵-Lisette, Witherbloom dean
Bayou①2019 Asia Legacy Champion
Bayou①2021 Legacy Champion
Bazaar Krovod①The Hauler's Collective wields great influence over the Ravnican merchant class. Without it, little moves in the city.
Bazaar Trademage①He traded a lamp for a scepter, the scepter for a ruby, and the ruby for a simple rug.
Bazaar Trader①"No need for a hurda? How about these maps to recently discovered tombs? Or these vials of invisible potion? Very fancy . . ."
Beacon Behemoth①When its smoky plumes light Naya's sky, every creature from the smallest pip fawn to the largest rannet heeds the warning.
Beacon of Creation①A chorus of life heralds the arrival of Mirrodin's final sun.
Beacon of Destiny①"We all borrowed life from the Ancestor to exist in this world. Today, I repay that debt."
Beacon of Destruction①The Great Furnace's blessing is a spectacular sight, but the best view comes at a high cost.
Beacon of Immortality①The cave floods with light. A thousand rays shine forth and meld into one.
Beacon of Tomorrows①To look into its light is to meet the gaze of history.
Beacon of Unrest①"Rise and serve me once more."↵-Trazyn the Infinity
Beacon of Unrest①"The light of my master's guidance traverses all boundaries, even those separating life and death."
Beacon of Unrest①A vertical scream pierces the night air and echoes doom through the clouds.
Beaming Defiance①"I've lived too long in my father's shadow. It's time to find my own light."↵-Killian, Silverquill mage-student
Beamsplitter Mage①The Izzet love replicating results.
Bear Cub①Every little cub has its mother's teeth to guard it.↵-Elvish saying
Bear's Companion①"The Sultai came hunting for a bear hide. Now I have a belt of naga skin, and my friend has a full belly."
Bearded Axe①Every dwarven artisan spends the first hundred years of their life forging a single weapon and infusing it with runic magic.
Bearer of Memory①Members of the Living Historians don't simply chronicle the past; they embody it.
Bearer of the Heavens①To hold the heavens from the earth is no curse, but a titanic responsibility.
Bearscape①"Nature is the endless dance between life and death."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Bearscape①They built a refuge with their bear hands.
Beast Hunt①"Surely we could tame something besides hurdas and pillarfield oxen!"↵-Sheyda, Ondu gamekeeper
Beast Walkers①"The Beast Walkers do a great service to Aysen. As humans or as beasts, their heart is yet to Serra true."↵-Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Beast Whisperer①"No symphony can compare to the melody of the ferrox's roar."
Beast Whisperer①"The tiniest mouse speaks louder to me than all the festival crowds on Tin Street."
Beast Within①"Kill the weak so they can't drag the strong down to their level. This is true compassion."↵-Benzir, archdruid of Temple Might
Beast Within①"Monsters dwell in every heart. We only think civilization tames them." ―Euphemia, Nexus watcher
Beast Within①"Monsters dwell in every heart. We only think civilization tames them."↵-Euphemia, Nexus watcher
Beast in Show①"A stunning example of the breed! Flawless plating, ruthlessly efficient death stroke, and an excellent drool shimmer."
Beast in Show①"Not a surprise to see her on the podium. This paragon of tusk curvature is just the latest addition to the long championship lineage of Wildspeaker Ranch."
Beast in Show①"Something really special in the baloth category this season, in terms of spike density and quality. We'd like to get a word with the handler, but are unable to locate her at this time."
Beast in Show①"We've not seen one of these on the podium for many seasons. Such magnificent posture and the perfect amount of telltale odor."
Beast of Burden①"If it is meant to be nothing but a machine," Karn finally asked Jhoira, "why did Urza build it to be like me?"
Beast of Burden①The heavier the load, the harder it works.
Beast of Burden①Though it was built as an instrument of labor, it wasn't long before it became an instrument of war.
Beastcaller Savant①"They come because I call. They stay because I listen."
Beasts of Bogardan①Bogardan is a land as volatile as the creatures who live there.
Beckon Apparition①The foyer is littered with the coins it demands but can no longer hold.
Beckon Apparition①When a graveyard is full, the gwyllions rattle the tombs and unleash the spirits into the sky.
Beckoning Will-o'-Wisp①Follow the light at your own risk.
Bedevil①"It's easy to get taken in by the spectacle, to enjoy a bit of naughty amusement. But make no mistake: the Cult of Rakdos is a danger."↵-Tajic
Bedlam①Sometimes quantity, in the absence of quality, is good enough.
Bedlam①The generals were dead. The battle plans were forgotten. It was everyone for themselves.
Bee Sting①Busy as a bumblebee, blistered as a goblin.↵-Alaborn saying
Bee Sting①There are few things as motivating as a swarm of bees.
Beetleback Chief①Whether trained, ridden, or eaten, few goblin military innovations have rivaled the bug.
Beetleform Mage①"When the Simic say to take command of your life, we don't mean just your career."↵-Vorel of the Hull Clade
Befoul①"The land putrefied at its touch, turned into an oily bile in seconds."↵-Radiant, archangel
Befoul①"When the rampaging kami at Reito had crushed the opposing militia, swarms of minor kami swept over the battlefield to consume all that remained."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Befoul①The bog's touch means death to all but the darkest of hearts.
Befuddle①"The trick to talking sense into Keldons is getting them to hold still. I learned that from Radha."↵-Jhoira
Befuddle①"The trick to talking sense into Keldons is getting them to hold still."
Befuddle①The trick to talking sense into Keldons is getting them to hold still.
Beguiler of Wills①"Come, let me free you of the tyranny of thought."
Behemoth Sledge①"May this grant you all the strength of the behemoths and none of their serenity."↵-Ajani
Behemoth Sledge①Those who worship the great gargantuans could hardly be expected to fight with a subtle weapon.
Behemoth's Herald①"Mine is an insatiable god, with appetites as magnificent as the jungle itself."
Behind the Scenes①It does no good to bar the gate when the enemy is already inside.
Behold the Beyond①There is power in the abyss, in blackness more profound than the darkest dreams.
Behold the Multiverse①Countless worlds unfolded before Niko, every one in need of heroes.
Behold the Power of Destruction①"I'd call that a successful first test. Golem! Rearm the Doom Citadel!"
Belbe's Armor①It protects her from the ravages of Phyrexia and the savages of Rath.
Belbe's Percher①Long and powerful, these birds were used to carry messages to and from the evincar.
Belbe's Portal①The fight will continue on a new battlefield.
Belbe, Corrupted Observer①"Those who wish to become evincar must first cast off the shackles of compassion."
Belle of the Brawl①Locthwain knights take pride in being the last ones standing in a fight or on a dance floor.
Belligerent Brontodon①Predators try to separate the young, old, or injured from the rest of the herd. The alternative is crushing defeat.
Belligerent Sliver①"The slivers became adept at provoking a fear response in other species."↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Belligerent Whiptail①"Whiptails can sense a traveler's footsteps from a great distance. Measuring that distance has been . . . difficult."↵-Jalun, Affa sentry
Bellowing Aegisaur①Its roaring challenge is punctuated by the slam of its tail on the earth, rousing the herds of the plains.
Bellowing Elk①"Their two-tone vocalization contains a whistle and a roar. Both mean get away."↵-Vivien Reid
Bellowing Mauler①He's pretty sure he can't get charged with murder if he calls it "organic demolition."
Bellows Lizard①As the price of wood and coal rose, smiths found creative ways to keep their forges burning.
Beloved Beggar①Charity is rare on Innistrad, but kindness is always repaid.
Beloved Chaplain①Nomad and Nantuko, eagle and elephant; all the birds and beasts are charmed by his quiet dignity.
Beloved Princess①Sometimes a gentle slipper can travel where an armored boot's been denied.
Ben-Ben, Akki Hermit①Some akki thought of Ben-Ben as a kami of trickery in disguise. They hunted for him in the maze of warrens, often falling prey to his traps.
Benalish Cavalry①"My people swore to protect Benalia to the end. It is battered, but yet stands, as do we."
Benalish Faithbonder①"A single light can hold back endless darkness."
Benalish Heralds①The detailed dispatch could be summarized in four words: "Time is running out."
Benalish Hero①Benalia has a complex caste system that changes with the lunar year. No matter what the season, the only caste that cannot be attained by either heredity or money is that of the Hero.
Benalish Hero①Benalia has a complex caste system that changes with the lunar year. No matter what the season, the only caste that cannot be attained by either heredity or money is that of the hero.
Benalish Honor Guard①"The true measure of all heroes is not what they achieve, but who they inspire."↵-*Triumph of Gerrard*
Benalish Infantry①"My favorite part of getting into the infantry was getting out again."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Benalish Knight①"We called them 'armored lightning.'"↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Benalish Marshal①"Some aspire to climb the mountain of Honor. The Benalish are born upon its peak, and from there ascend among the stars."↵-*History of Benalia*
Benalish Missionary①"These horn-haters say no gods but theirs exist. I say let him find out for himself-right now!"↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Benalish Sleeper①Even he didn't know what he was until he felt his skin shifting and splitting, his mind overtaken by a chaos of whispers.
Benalish Trapper①"I'm up here. You're down there. Now who's the lower life form?"
Benalish Veteran①"One day I will rest and join my comrades in the afterlife, but not while scum like you still sully this world."
Beneath the Sands①Though buried and muffled, nature's whisper still called to Nissa.
Benefaction of Rhonas①It falls to the gods to help all become worthy of the afterlife.
Benevolent Ancestor①Although the door is flimsy and the lock pathetically small, Josuri's family never fears the night outside.
Benevolent Bodyguard①"My destiny is to save others so their destinies may be achieved."
Benevolent Geist①All his old grudges suddenly seemed laughably petty. So he laughed.
Benevolent Unicorn①The best use for a unicorn's horn is to adorn a unicorn.↵-Femeref adage
Bennie Bracks, Zoologist①His enthusiastic curiosity puts even the most fearsome of beasts at ease.
Benthic Behemoth①"Deep devourer concealed in darkhome↵Shrouded it seeks all becomes fodder↵Once we swam alone and asea↵But no more."↵-*Rootwater Saga*
Benthic Behemoth①The sea has many secrets, but some are too big to be kept.
Benthic Biomancer①"I am my life's work."
Benthic Djinn①"In all my years I've only met one mage who successfully trapped a djinn-and none who tried and failed."↵-Talibah, embermage
Benthic Explorers①Distant Atlantis charged these Explorers with the task of venturing into unknown waters to track the despised Viscerids.
Benthic Explorers①The rising oceans brought new lakes-and new terrors-to Terisiare. The Explorers found their ancient enemies spawning everywhere.
Benthic Giant①"Some fates you can see coming for you, plain as day, and there's nothing you can do about them."↵-Callaphe the mariner
Bequeathal①"On my death, I give you this treasure: the knowledge that life is hard, yet too soon past."↵-Dal funeral rite
Bereaved Survivor①"With Avacyn gone, I no longer knew who to pray to. Alone, I wept for a sister who would never return."
Bereavement①"Grief is as useless as love."↵-Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Bereavement①Grief is a razor that slices the soul.
Berserk Murlodont①"The harder we press forward, the harder Krosa pushes us back."↵-Aven scout
Berserkers of Blood Ridge①They take a blood oath to die in battle. So far none have failed to fulfill the promise.
Berserkers' Onslaught①"Atarka's people starve while she feasts upon the bounty of their hunts. They must conquer ever more lands just for the sake of their own subsistence."↵-Arel, Unseen Whisperer
Berserk①Das Erste, was ich spure, ist die Wut - und dann kommt die Kraft.
Beseech the Queen①Those who hear her go mad with inspiration.
Beskir Shieldmate①"If we fall today, let us fall with honor, defending our realm from the horrors that would defile it. Forward, shieldmates! To Starnheim!"
Besmirch①The whitest robes stain best.
Bestial Menace①"My battle cry reaches ears far keener than yours."↵-Saidah, Joraga hunter
Betrayal①"Sometimes a burden can be borne only on the shoulders of a willing enemy."↵-Suq'Ata aphorism
Bewilder①"Teferi snapped his fingers, and the viashino started clucking like a chicken. Silly, yes, but exactly the thing we needed to break the stifling tension."↵-Jhoira, master artificer
Beyeen Coast①"Stay close to my light. You don't want to get lost on the rocks."↵-Jejenar, Silundi lullmage
Beyeen Veil①"All you minnows in the murk, come to my light."↵-Jejenar, Silundi lullmage
Bhaal's Invoker①"The Lord of Murder has freed me from the shackles of mortal laws and gifted me with fire to carry out his will."
Biblioplex Assistant①"I appreciate the help, and honestly, it's very entertaining."↵-Isabough of the Biblioplex
Bident of Thassa①The wills of mortals shift as the tide ebbs and flows.
Big Play①"Quandrix is running out of time. If they're going to capture the Witherbloom mascot, they need something big here."↵-Cremik, Mage Tower commentator
Big Score①"Unimaginable riches? I assure you, I have a *vivid* imagination."
Big Winner①The results of the test of strength were: Yes.
Bile Blight①"Hold your bitterness deep within, and there let it fester. Let it roil and squirm and churn, until you are filled with bile so poisonous that all you touch falls to ruin."↵-Morarion, Daemon Primarch
Bile Blight①Not an arrow loosed, javelin thrown, nor sword raised. None were needed.
Bile Urchin①"The two youths argued and tempers flared. One youth opened his mouth to utter a vile curse, but what he spat out instead was a kami of poison and filth."↵-Sensei Golden-Tail
Bind the Monster①Sarulf's snarl of rage shook the World Tree.
Binding Agony①A crash of rhinos in my head↵-Femeref expression meaning "a severe head pain"
Binding Grasp①"What I want, I take."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Binding Grasp①"What I want, I take."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Binding Mummy①What the gods decree, the mummies enforce.
Bind①"The battlefield is cluttered enough. Be still."↵-Multani, maro-sorcerer
Biogenic Upgrade①"To survive exceptional times we must adapt by exceptional means."↵-Vannifar
Biolume Egg①Serpents leave their eggs in the cold and inky depths...
Biolume Serpent①...knowing their hatchlings are more fearsome than anything else that might come along.
Bioluminary①The Gargantikari astroserpent hated the taste of merfolk, but the audience didn't need to know that.
Biomantic Mastery①"Look beyond, to the vascular awareness that all life is a map to greater knowledge."↵-Momir Vig, *Biomancy*, vol. I
Biomass Mutation①"A regression to ancient forms? A glimpse of future evolutions? Or a fleeting alteration of the present?"↵-Vorel of the Hull Clade
Biomathematician①"I will reach infinity."
Biophagus①"We guarantee you that within a week, you will feel like a new man."↵-Galaxos Klynesmith, biophagus
Biorhythm①"I have seen life's purpose, and now it is my own."↵-Kamahl, druid acolyte
Bioshift①"It's all right if you change your mind. There's always a chance we can rearrange parts later."↵-Zija, Simic mutationist
Biovisionary①He tired of his fellow researchers and their useless prattling, so he decided to make a network of scholars with whom he could carry a conversation.
Biowaste Blob①"The Simic will be fined for contaminating the waterways. In the meantime, seize that blob!"↵-Arrester Polgar
Bird Admirer①She won't rest until she's collected specimens of every bird on Innistrad.
Bird Maiden①"Four things that never meet do here unite To shed my blood and to ravage my heart, A radiant brow and tresses that beguile And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile." -*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden①"Four things that never meet do here unite↵To shed my blood and to ravage my heart,↵A radiant brow and tresses that beguile↵And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile." -*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden①"Four things that never meet do here unite↵To shed my blood and to ravage my heart,↵A radiant brow and tresses that beguile↵And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile."↵-*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden①"Four things that never meet do here unite↵To shed my blood and to ravage my heart,↵A radiant brow and tresses that beguile↵And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile."↵-The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden①Four things that never meet do here unite↵To shed my blood and to ravage my heart,↵A radiant brow and tresses that beguile↵And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile."↵-*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Haddawy
Birds of Paradise①"The gods used their feathers to paint all the colors of the world."↵-Yare-Tiva, warden of Gramur Forest
Birds of Paradise①"The gods used their feathers to paint all the colors of the world."↵-Yare-Tiva, warden of Gramur forest
Birds of Paradise①A single vivid feather fetches a royal price-but who, having seen these magnificent creations of Nature, would settle for a feather?
Birds of Paradise①Each feather in its tail is a souvenir of an exotic land, a memory condensed in hue.
Birds of Paradise①Its brilliant plumage painted streaks of color across a sky long darkened by war.
Birds of Paradise①Long ago, birds of paradise littered the skies. Thanks to the city's sprawl, most now exist as pets of society's elite.
Birds of Paradise①Sages whisper of an undiscovered natural paradise, a tropical island unspoiled by war.
Birgi, God of Storytelling①"This is a tale to make all Kaldheim tremble..."
Birthing Boughs①Changelings can't remember where they came from. They just know it wasn't a cradle.
Bishop of Rebirth①"In the death of the foe lies the resurrection of the faithful."
Bishop of Wings①"Within every angel is a spirit of light that will fight as long as there is darkness."
Bishop of the Bloodstained①"They shall give us all they have as penance for their resistance. Their ships. Their goods. Their rebellious blood."
Bishop's Soldier①Vampires, the noble class of old Torrezon, are guided by their dual loyalties to church and crown.
Bite Down①"Yavimaya takes care of herself; the kavu are evidence of this. What does your Coalition offer that the forest cannot provide?"↵-Jenson Carthalion
Biting Rain①On Innistrad, it is seldom wrong to stay indoors.
Biting Tether①A chain of lies as strong as steel.
Bitter Revelation①"Here you lie then, Ugin. The corpses of worlds will join you in the tomb."↵-Sorin Markov
Bitterblade Warrior①"The vizier of poisons teaches an unconventional kind of strength."
Bitterblossom①In Lorwyn's brief evenings, the sun pauses at the horizon long enough for a certain species of violet to bloom with the fragrance of mischief.
Bitterbow Sharpshooters①"Remember, brother, the eyes are always vulnerable."↵"I never forgot."
Black Carriage①"The Baron's drivers are also driven."↵-Chandler
Black Cat①Its last life is spent tormenting your dreams.
Black Dragon Gate①An imposing visage that looms over all who would rise above their station.
Black Dragon①Black dragons revel in the collapse of humanoid kingdoms.
Black Hole①"Code Dark Donut! Code Dark Donut! All available fun specialists, please report to the Roil Coaster immediately!"↵-Truss, chief engineer
Black Knight①"The chill, to him who breathed it, drew / Down with his blood, till all his heart was cold."↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, *Idyls of the King*
Black Knight①Battle doesn't need a purpose; the battle is its own purpose. You don't ask why a plague spreads or a field burns. Don't ask why I fight.
Black Lotus①2003 Vintage Championship Winner
Black Lotus①2017 North American Vintage Champion
Black Market Tycoon①"I have exactly what you need. The question is, how badly do you need it?"
Black Oak of Odunos①Phenax promised the newly dead souls they would be spared from Erebos. In this, he did not lie.
Black Poplar Shaman①It absorbs the pain of other treefolk, which leaves it bitter, yet addicted to the sensation of agony.
Black Sun's Zenith①"Under the suns, Mirrodin kneels and begs us for perfection."↵-Geth, Lord of the Vault
Blackblade Reforged①A weapon of evil, redeemed in Gideon's hand.
Blackblade Reforged①It spilled the blood of one elder dragon. In Gideon's hands, it may yet taste another's.
Blackbloom Bog①"The Raimunza River flows along the branches of jaddi trees for miles before plunging down to feed Blackbloom Lake."↵-Exena, expedition rogue
Blackbloom Rogue①"If you ever want to get back up, do what I say."↵-Exena, expedition rogue
Blackcleave Cliffs①Where the Oxidda Chain mingles with the Mephidross, oil-suffused metal crumbles away, leaving walls of blackened bones.
Blackcleave Goblin①"Bitten? Save time, amputate now."↵-Lephar, loxodon surgeon
Blacklance Paragon①The Blacklances travel deep into the wilds, sometimes for years at a time, in search of the lost Cauldron of Eternity.
Blackmail①Even the most virtuous person is only one secret away from being owned by the Cabal.
Blackmail①In addition to killing peasants, punishing subordinates, and raising an army of nightmares, Braids somehow found time for her favorite hobby: petty extortion.
Blacksmith's Skill①Before he was subjugated by demonic forces, Dakkon was a master smith of unrivaled artistry.
Blade Banish①The Wanderer walks many paths. Her blade travels only one.
Blade Historian①"So you see, the reckless battle strategy of the Kathorran orcs was effective, but ultimately proved to be a double-edged sword. As did their double-edged swords."
Blade Instructor①"Watch carefully. The gap between death and victory is thinner than your blade."
Blade Sliver①After breaking free from the Riptide Project, the slivers quickly adapted to life on Otaria-much to the dismay of life on Otaria.
Blade Splicer①"Flesh is a betrayal of the self."
Blade of the Sixth Pride①"My pride may be gone, but our hunt is not over."
Blade-Blizzard Kitsune①In the time it takes most to master one blade, he mastered two.
Bladeback Sliver①Slivers can turn a last stand into a stunning victory.
Bladebrand①"One knife, two knives, three knives, four-which will drop you to the floor?"
Bladebrand①"The pain of searing iron and razor edges pales beside the pleasure of performance."↵-Judith
Bladebrand①Skirsdag cultists believe that the right poison "purifies" a tainted soul before it makes its way to Ormendahl.
Bladed Bracers①Forged from the rubble of the Helvault.
Bladed Pinions①Lacking trained pterons, the Auriok had to rely on other measures to gain the upper hand in the skies.
Bladed Sentinel①The Mirran partisans created hundreds of patrol sentinels to divert Phyrexian assaults from the Tangle.
Bladegriff Prototype①The new model has improved aerodynamics but introduced a few glitches in the targeting system.
Blades of Velis Vel①"The changing kind suffers as we do. We must join as one to quench our tyrants!"
Bladestitched Skaab①The surviving militia members reunited with their fallen comrades sooner than they'd hoped.
Bladetusk Boar①Deathbellow Canyon is home to minotaurs and many other creatures that share a love for the taste of human flesh.
Bladetusk Boar①Those who dare stand in its path are either brave or mindless. Or in the case of goblins, both.
Bladewing's Thrall①A shadow of life chasing a husk of glory.
Blanchwood Armor①"Before armor, there was bark. Before blades, there were thorns."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Blanchwood Armor①"Braid her branches, life fulfilling Goddess loving, Goddess killing."↵-Citanul chant
Blanchwood Armor①"There's never been a dwarven smith who could match the marvels that Gaea herself forges."↵-Elvish champion
Blanchwood Armor①"There's never been a dwarven smith who could match the marvels that Gaea herself forges."↵-The Elvish Champion
Blanchwood Treefolk①The massive Argivian attack on their rooted kindred was a declaration of war to the treefolk.
Blanket of Night①"Kaervek imprisoned Mangara out of jealousy, but he taints Jamuraa simply out of spite."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Blasphemous Act①"Holy places are no longer sanctuary from death, and death is no longer sanctuary from anything."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Blasphemous Act①In the roiling depths of the Eye of Terror, the bloodthirsty hordes of Chaos Marines plot the downfall of their loyalist brethren.
Blast of Genius①Ral Zarek's brainstorms bring actual thunder and lightning.
Blaster Mage①"Don't get up. I'll show myself out."
Blastfire Bolt①"Encase yourself in the most elaborate armor, and cower behind the heaviest shield. I would hate for you to feel helpless."↵-Korig the Ruiner
Blatant Thievery①"I'll leave subtlety to the rich."
Blatant Thievery①Centuries of association with the Sun Empire have taught the dinosaurs that shiny things are important.
Blaze Commando①A true Boros commando only calls for reinforcements so they can clean up the mess.
Blaze①"Spreading flames illumined cloud and sea: Cao Cao went down; 'twas Zhou Yu's victory."
Blaze①"This isn't what I meant by 'facing the heat of battle!'"↵-Jefan, Talas ship captain
Blaze①Fire never dies alone.
Blazing Archon①"Through the haze of battle I saw the glint of sun on golden mane, the sheen of glory clad in mail, and I dropped my sword and wept at the idiocy of war."↵-Dravin, Gruul deserter
Blazing Blade Askari①"This can't be Jamuraa. We could not have failed her this badly . . . ."
Blazing Hellhound①It tears the flesh from your bones and then swallows the ash with its fiery maw.
Blazing Hope①"No shadow remains for you to hide in."↵-Caparocti Sunborn
Blazing Salvo①Barbarians equate courage with the ability to endure pain.
Blazing Sunsteel①Wyleth emerged from the crater unscathed with the sun's fury trapped in his hands.
Blazing Volley①"Don't ask me what to do if you miss. They're stingdrakes. Don't miss."↵-Orthion, Lavabrink captain
Blazing Volley①The arrows fell like fiery rain, and for a moment, the sky itself seemed to burn.
Bleak Coven Vampires①As the shadow of the Mephidross spread over the Tangle, the vampires' territory expanded.
Bleed Dry①"Wipe your chin, child. We can't have Olivia thinking we're uncivilized."↵-Anje Falkenrath
Blessed Defiance①"If I'm going, I'm taking you with me!"
Blessed Light①Enchanted by mage-smiths and blessed by priests, Benalish windows let in light and cast out darkness.
Blessed Orator①"He spoke with the tongue of Angels; we fought with the strength of lions."↵-Handel, infantry soldier
Blessed Orator①His quiet words fade into the night's chill, yet they burn into his listeners' minds with all the power of a thousand suns.
Blessed Respite①"Water the soil with blood, if you must. Eventually it must be tilled with forgiveness."↵-Greensleeves
Blessed Reversal①"A battle's outcome is never certain."↵-The Southern Paladin
Blessed Reversal①Even an enemy is a valuable resource.
Blessed Spirits①Not all heroes die in armor.
Blessed Wind①"The fourth wind of ascension is Anointer, deifying the worthy."↵-*Keld Triumphant*
Blessed Wine①"May the bounty of Kjeld enrich your days."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Blessed Wine①"Out there, there are spirits, but here, there is wine."↵-Blessing for the bounty of Kjeld
Blessing of Belzenlok①"My heart is not mine, it is Belzenlok's. All hearts are his, and all blood."↵-"Rite of Belzenlok"
Blessing of Frost①A friend of Jorn is never cold.
Blessing of the Nephilim①"Before the first stone was laid or the first elf-child born, the power of the nephilim was gathering. Let that power be spread by my hands."
Blessing①"Virtue can't survive without strength."↵-Ardanna of the Angelic Council
Blex, Vexing Pest①Pests are typically harvested before they outgrow their enclosures. Blex is far from typical.
Blight Grenade①Blight grenades-which induce horrendous effects on their victims-have no impact on the Death Guard, who gladly use the devices in extreme close quarters with the enemy.
Blight Keeper①It withers fruit and flesh alike.
Blight Mamba①Its venom drips with Phyrexia's hate.
Blight Mound①Pests feed on carrion, mud, and one another.
Blight Pile①"Keep your distance. It may be broken, but it's far from benign."↵-Stenn
Blight Sickle①Its scars cut deeper than its blade.
Blight-Breath Catoblepas①Wherever it walks, famine follows behind.
Blightbeetle①Leaf and soul alike wither at its touch.
Blightcaster①"Your flesh is unprepared for my gifts."
Blighted Agent①"Urabrask may suspect our surveillance, but he cannot stop it."↵-Avaricta, Gitaxian sective
Blighted Bat①Amonkhet's dual suns don't allow for the darkness of night, so bats are most active under the gloom of the frequent sandstorms.
Blighted Cataract①Once, water ran here. Now only dust and ash fall from the clifftops.
Blighted Fen①"We came to a place where the skin of Zendikar was peeled back and its bones lay bare to the sky."↵-Greenweaver Mina
Blighted Gorge①The land is dying, but it will not go peacefully.
Blighted Steppe①"When a limb is gangrenous, you cut it off. This is no different."↵-Greenweaver Mina
Blightning①In the spirit of inquiry, Tibalt applied a battery of agony spells. They yielded nothing on the vampire's whereabouts, but the screams were reward enough.
Blightning①While the smell of burning flesh is common in Grixis, the odor of smoldering brain matter is a rare treat.
Blightsoil Druid①"See the beauty in death: the clean white bones lying in the fertile soil and the brightly colored moonglove sprouting from the fell earth."
Blightspeaker①One croaked sermon spreads propaganda and plague.
Blightstep Pathway①"The waters smell oddly sweet, but do not be enticed. You don't want to meet what lurks below the surface."↵-Solrun, Beskir warrior
Blind Creeper①It shuns everything except its next meal.
Blind Fury①"Tell me . . . have you ever sung the Song of Blood?"↵-Purraj of Urborg
Blind Obedience①"By the time your knees have worn through your robe, you may have begun to learn your place."
Blind Seer①"I think he sees more than he lets on."↵-Gerrard
Blind with Anger①"I can post only the most honorable and strong-willed samurai to defend your stronghold. I have seen what can happen to lesser men."↵-General Takeno, letter to Lord Konda
Blind-Spot Giant①Among the solitude-loving giantkind, teamwork is unusual. But he appreciates hearing the occasional "Swing down and to your left."
Blindblast①"Peril is in the eye of the beholder. At least, if your aim is good."↵-Jaya Ballard
Blinding Angel①"Their eyes will shrivel and blacken before faith's true light."
Blinding Drone①"Zendikar's true gods have risen. Whether in reverence or agony, all the world will kneel."↵-Ayli, high priest of the Eternal Pilgrims
Blinding Fog①"I see you, shiny soldiers, but you won't see me."
Blinding Light①"My shield will bear a shining sun so you will always be with me. / Inlaid with gold, it will shine like glowing embers."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Blinding Light①An angel's sword impales only the body; her righteousness penetrates the soul.
Blinding Light①Let the unjust avert their faces and contemplate their peril.
Blinding Mage①"I carry the light of truth. Do not pity those it blinds, for they never had eyes to see."
Blinding Souleater①"We thank the souleaters for inscribing our souls with subservience, to reinforce the sacred order."↵-Drones' hymn of gratitude
Blinding Spray①"The stronger our enemies seem, the more vulnerable they are."↵-Sultai secret
Blink Dog①Blink dogs protect the wild places of the world, driving away evil influences.
Blinking Spirit①"Don't look at it! Maybe it'll go away!"↵-Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Blinking Spirit①"Don't look at it! Maybe it'll go away!"↵-Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Blinkmoth Infusion①Power begets power.
Blinkmoth Urn①The vedalken embed such urns in their living artifact creations.
Blinkmoth Well①When dictated by blinkmoth migratory patterns, clouds of tiny lights well up from Mirrodin's core.
Blister Beetle①Warriors of the Rip Clan wear their beetle-acid scars proudly, even modifying clothing and armor to better display the trophy.
Blistercoil Weird①Azorius lawmages would like to outlaw the creation of weirds, but first they'd have to settle their long-standing debate on how to classify them.
Blistergrub①"Avoid anything that scuttles, scrabbles, or shambles."↵-Opar, veteran guide
Blistergrub①"The sooner you join Phyrexia, the sooner you'll forget your painful rebirth."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Blistering Barrier①I live without food, stand without leg, wound without force, and am harder to fight than to kill. What am I?↵-Femeref riddle
Blistering Dieflyn①Any kithkin smith would love to catch a dieflyn for her kiln, relieving her of ever having to gather fuel again.
Blisterpod①A blisterpod's corpse is a scion's cradle.
Blisterspit Gremlin①"Ah, we have a critic."↵-Orthion, Lavabrink captain
Blisterstick Shaman①A productive warren requires a good deal of prodding.
Blitz Hellion①Alarans commemorated its appearances with new holidays bearing names like the Great Cataclysm and the Fall of Ilson Gate.
Blitz Leech①"Fools wear armor against it as if the worst it could take is your blood."↵-Gavi, nest warden
Blitz of the Thunder-Raptor①The sound of Vadrok's gigantic wings is ominous. But the true terror is when they fall silent.
Blizzard Elemental①Students who had seen Rayne argue with Urza were certain she had summoned it to make him seem warmer by comparison.
Blockade Runner①"I need to get back to Mercadia City," said Sisay. "We can get you there," the vizier answered. "Easily."
Blockbuster①Vendors hung cords heavy with roots and laid out boxes of salted meat, unaware of the fiery disaster swiftly approaching.
Blood Age General①His troops took the Fortress of Caerdoon centuries ago, yet he fights on.
Blood Artist①"Great art can never be created without great suffering."
Blood Artist①"Vanya Falkenrath's paintings are astonishing. How does she manage to achieve such rich crimson hues?"↵-Stefan, art critic
Blood Artist①From the veins of a peasant to the sketchbook of a master.
Blood Artist①Great art requires pain... but not necessarily the artist's.
Blood Aspirant①It's a small step from revel to bloodbath.
Blood Bairn①The travelers were warned to watch out for children on the road.
Blood Burglar①"You've heard that a vampire can't enter a home without an invitation? A lie meant to help you sleep at night."↵-Kerin, watch sergeant
Blood Celebrant①"Their blood is the nectar that nourishes the Cabal."↵-Phage the Untouchable
Blood Clock①In an age of war, time is measured not by sand but by blood.
Blood Crypt①Life is a show, and death its final performance.
Blood Crypt①Vampires invited to a soiree at Markov Manor are expected to bring a guest or refreshments-or both.
Blood Crypt①Where the dead serve as diversion, decor, and dessert.
Blood Cultist①"To immortality."
Blood Curdle①Fear pierces the strongest armor.
Blood Divination①Predicting the future is a messy business.
Blood Feud①Succession is a matter of blood, and by blood it is often decided.
Blood Frenzy①"When Torahn bellows, none survive-not even the warrior whose horns he rides."↵-Talruum adage
Blood Glutton①"Some savor the hunt. I savor the kill."
Blood Host①It would be ill-mannered to decline his invitation. It would be ill-advised to accept it.
Blood Hypnotist①Arvon was ecstatic to offer his blood to such a captivating creature.
Blood Knight①His is the fury of the wildfire, the boiling blood of the volcano. He fights you not because you've wronged him, but because you're there.
Blood Mist①"Some claim that rage is a cloud that obscures thought and vision. But I can assure you-I've never seen with greater clarity."
Blood Money①For the patriar class, wealth is in the blood.
Blood Moon①Bathed in deep crimson, the land that once gave comfort and shelter now yielded nothing but hostility.
Blood Moon①Heavy light flooded across the landscape, cloaking everything in deep crimson.
Blood Moon①the same astrological influences that govern individuals apply to companies, which are, after all, composed of people and legally considered person-like entities.
Blood Ogre①"Ogres taunt the dragons by moving into their territory, but even the hellkites find them too much trouble to hunt."↵-Marza, mountain scout
Blood Pact①Griselbrand's defeat did not mark the end of the Skirsdag cult. They simply turned their worship to the next demon to emerge from the shadows bearing offers of power.
Blood Pet①"You are wrong," Volrath said. "I do not hate the living. They often prove quite useful to me." And then he laughed.
Blood Pet①No thrull has ever been burdened with a long life.
Blood Price①Blood is the oldest currency.
Blood Reckoning①"There is no greater folly than standing against me."↵-Nicol Bolas
Blood Researcher①"Dean Valentin warns us not to consume the samples for our safety, but I think he's just being greedy."
Blood Rites①"The threat of the kami was made worse by the blood rituals of the ogres, who freed terrifying oni to wander Kamigawa unhindered."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Blood Rites①In war, the best leaders are open to all tactics.
Blood Scrivener①Make sure you bleed the fine print.
Blood Seeker①A drop now is all he needs to find you later.
Blood Servitor①"Please, my friends, help yourselves to the help."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Blood Sun①As the struggle raged for control of the Immortal Sun, the world grew dark under a blood-red sky.
Blood Tithe①The Crimson Throne may be empty, but its coffers are full.
Blood Vassal①"They are bred to suffer and born to die. Much like humans."↵-Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Blood for the Blood God!①Skulls for the Skull Throne.
Blood of the Martyr①The willow knows what the storm does not: that the power to endure harm outlives the power to inflict it.
Blood-Chin Fanatic①"We are as brutal as our dragonlord. We strike like wild lightning and feast on human flesh."
Blood-Chin Rager①Kolaghan blades rarely stay clean for long.
Blood-Cursed Knight①"The bloodlust shall not control me, for my oath is my greatest compulsion."
Blood-Toll Harpy①When harpies demand a toll to cross through their territory, consider yourself lucky if they permit payment in coin.
Bloodbat Summoner①"Do you mean to tell me that Lucy was bitten by such a bat . . . ?"
Bloodbat Summoner①"Humans throw rice and release doves at their weddings? How quaint."
Bloodbond March①The Golgari support a vast army because death never ends its soldiers' service.
Bloodbond Vampire①"Let the vampires join us. In this war, we no longer have the luxury of choosing our comrades."↵-General Tazri, allied commander
Bloodborn Scoundrels①The ring plays host to some combatants that the spectators love to hate.
Bloodbriar①"There is a sourness here that I don't understand. When the land reaches out to me, I hesitate to reach back."↵-Nissa Revane
Bloodchief's Thirst①"We are free. It is our duty to live well."
Bloodcrazed Goblin①"A single drop of blood draws their attention, then they strip your bones clean before you have time to die."↵-Jamias, hermit of Telfer Peak
Bloodcrazed Neonate①While elder vampires select their meals with care, the newly sired frenzy at the first whiff.
Bloodcrazed Paladin①When a paladin undertaking the Blood Fast finally gives in to hunger, the violence is sudden, explosive, and complete.
Bloodcrusher of Khorne①The Brazen Thunder, foremost of the bloodcrusher legions, are named for the sound they make as they ride into battle.
Bloodcurdling Scream①"I have all the weapons my enemies have-and far deeper rage."↵-Tojira, swamp queen
Bloodfire Colossus①It took all its strength to contain the fire within.
Bloodfire Dwarf①For them, the only honorable death is one that leaves a crater.
Bloodfire Enforcers①Bloodfire practitioners train to focus their rage, building it deep inside themselves until they are ready to release it as a devastating attack.
Bloodfire Expert①Some efreet abandon their homes in the volcanic Fire Rim to embrace the Jeskai Way and discipline their innate flames.
Bloodfire Kavu①Heart of fire, blood of lava, teeth of stone.
Bloodfire Mentor①The adept underwent months of preparation to withstand pain, until he was finally ready to receive the efreet master's teachings.
Bloodflow Connoisseur①"Death not for survival but for vanity and pleasure? This is the decadence I sought to curb."↵-Sorin Markov
Bloodforged Battle-Axe①She awoke with blood on her brow, an axe in her hand, and heads at her feet.
Bloodforged Battle-Axe①Spilled blood always begets more of the same.
Bloodfray Giant①The star performer of the Juri Revue, his shows have fans and blood spilling into the street.
Bloodgift Demon①He relishes the devotion of his Skirsdag puppets and their belief that it will earn them immortality.
Bloodhall Ooze①A drop of blood spilled from the first dragon.
Bloodhaze Wolverine①"Build a moat. If we're lucky, it can't swim."↵-Syr Branigan, knight of Ardenvale
Bloodhunter Bat①It returns eager to share the feast of blood and gore with its ghoulish master.
Bloodied Ghost①"Only a knife left for a fortnight in the hollow of a ghastbark tree can inflict a wound so grave."↵-Kithkin superstition
Bloodletter①"That's not really an A. It's an Æ. They changed it! Wait, don't-"↵-Hœbrus Vaem, Aerathi librarian, last words
Bloodline Culling①"Forget your human ancestors. You're part of my family now."
Bloodline Necromancer①"The veil of death hides little from our kind."
Bloodline Shaman①Every creature of the forest has a name, and she knows them all.
Bloodlust Inciter①"To victory! To glory! To eternity!"
Bloodmark Mentor①Boggarts divide the world into two categories: things you can eat, and things you have to chase down and pummel before you can eat.
Bloodmist Infiltrator①Blood seeks blood, and nothing shall hold back its hunger.
Bloodpyre Elemental①Elementals born of Jund are as cruel and unstable as the plane itself.
Bloodrage Brawler①To Hazoret, those who fight for her are her beloved children.
Bloodrage Vampire①The most genteel facades hide the most abominable desires.
Bloodrite Invoker①"The brood lineages unfolded across the world, each patterned after one of three progenitors, each a study in mindless consumption."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Bloodrock Cyclops①"He's big an' dumb an' ready to fight. A lot like ol' Hornhead here."↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand, scouting report
Bloodrock Cyclops①"There are only fifty words in the cyclops language, and ten of them mean 'kill.'"↵-Ertai
Bloodscale Prowler①It tracks its victims by the scent of their breath, preferring to dine on those who recently ate well.
Bloodscent①To study the predators of the Tangle, two people are required: one to watch from above, and one to run like hell.
Bloodshed Fever①Cinder mages enjoy seeing their victims in the throes of bloodlust-and seeing the regret that inevitably follows.
Bloodshot Cyclops①After their first encounter, the goblins named him Chuck.
Bloodshot Trainee①"Hrrngh! Someday I'm going to hurl this . . . er . . . roll this . . . hrrngh . . . nudge this boulder right down a cliff."
Bloodshot Trainee①"Just think how strong I'll be if my arms don't tear off!"
Bloodsky Berserker①"Who's next?!"
Bloodsoaked Altar①Blood seeps into the stone, and darkness emerges.
Bloodsoaked Champion①"Death is merely another foe the Mardu will overcome."
Bloodstained Mire①Where dragons once triumphed, their bones now molder.
Bloodstone Cameo①"The stone whispers to me of dragon's fire and darkness. I wish I'd never pried it from the figurehead of that sunken Keldon longship."↵-Isel, master carver
Bloodstone Goblin①The stone whispers tales of darkness and fire. She replies, "Tell me more."
Bloodsworn Steward①"My liege will lead and I will follow-to the battlefield, to the grave, and beyond."
Bloodtallow Candle①"Bring me an angel feather, and I will give you one death in return. There can be no turning back once the candle is lit."↵-Whisper, blood liturgist
Bloodthirsty Aerialist①A circus acrobat in life, she kills with such fluid grace that even her victims are awed by her performance.
Bloodthirsty Blade①The weapon wields the hand that holds it.
Bloodthorn Taunter①Naya's celebrants stoke the gargantuans into a rage, loosing a tide of muscle with the precision of an arrow.
Bloodthrone Vampire①"The underclass often forget that they are not tenants, or servants, but property."
Bloodthrone Vampire①"What I need is your blood. What I don't need is your permission."
Bloodthrone Vampire①Some humans willingly offered up their blood, hoping it would grant the vampire families the strength to stave off the Eldrazi.
Bloodthrone Vampire①www.MagicTheGathering.com
Bloodtithe Collector①For the more refined vampire, breaking a victim's will is far more satisfying than simply taking their blood.
Bloodtracker①"Flee all you like. The further you run the more firmly I feel your heartbeat."
Bloom Hulk①"Tread upon these flower beds at your own peril."↵-Emmara
Bloom Tender①"What, these old things? They were just lying around, gathering dust. I figured I might as well put them to use."
Bloom Tender①Beauty is a seed, waiting to blossom under her capable hands.
Blooming Marsh①A retreat to nature can inspire even the most jaded inventor.
Blorbian Buddy①When Captain Nebula tragically destroyed the planet Blorb-12 in a parking accident, Myra compensated the survivors with lifetime passes.
Blossom Dryad①The only force on Ixalan not interested in finding the golden city is Ixalan itself.
Blossom-Clad Werewolf①. . . does not always mean living in peace.
Blossoming Bogbeast①As subtle as a bogbeast↵-Witherbloom expression meaning↵"crude and clumsy"
Blossoming Calm①Mood: A spell that protects her from her enemies.
Blossoming Defense①Those who move harmoniously with the flow of aether can channel the power of the natural world.
Blossoming Wreath①"I place this wreath for you, my kin. Even in death, you give me strength to avenge you."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Blot Out the Sky①A drop of ink is a nuisance. A torrent of inklings is a menace.
Blow Your House Down①"You think these walls will protect you?↵My, you have a dim view of the power of the wilds"↵-Marawen, barrow witch
Blow Your House Down①"You think these walls will protect you?↵My, you have a dim view of the power of the wilds."↵-Marawen, barrow witch
Blowfly Infestation①When the giant Tollek Worldslayer fell, a corruption erupted from his corpse to carry on his name.
Blue Elemental Blast①"Contrary to popular wisdom, I find it's best to fight fire with its opposite."
Blue Elemental Blast①Nothing escapes a sharp mind.
Blue Sun's Zenith①"Five suns! Can you even imagine how complicated the orbital calculations must be? What I wouldn't give to tackle an equation like that!"↵-Zimone, Quandrix mage-student
Blue Sun's Zenith①"The Origin Query will wait. We must ensure we survive to return to it."↵-Pelyus, vedalken ordinar
Blufferfish①Lying to a fish is such an unthinkable act, most planets don't even have a law against it.
Blunt the Assault①"Much can be gained from the appearance of vulnerability."↵-Ezuri, renegade leader
Blur Sliver①They move in a synchronized swarm, turning entire squads into heaps of bloody rags and bones in an instant.
Blur of Blades①Samut battled her way through the hordes, shouting the names of those who'd died in her crop and those she hoped yet to save.
Blurred Mongoose①"The mongoose blew out its candle and was asleep in bed before the room went dark."↵-Llanowar fable
Blur①"It's as much of a trick of the mind as it is a trick of the eye."
Blustersquall①Weather is more predictable than the Izzet.
Boa Constrictor①Its eyes are bigger than its stomach, but its mouth is larger still.
Boar Umbra①"From in here, everything looks like dinner."
Board the Weatherlight①A new gathering for a new age.
Boarded Window①"Sturdy nails make for sound sleep."↵-Cosper Lowe of the Silbern Guard
Boartusk Liege①The boar leads its rider to victory in battle, but it doesn't know how close it is to becoming the victory feast.
Body Count①"Your friends stayed quiet, and look what happened to them. You feeling a little more talkative yet?"
Body Double①"I am who I pretend to be."
Body Double①Where the dead outnumbered the living, mimics scavenged faces from the fallen.
Body Dropper①"Kill count? I lost track years ago."
Body of Research①Needledeep had promised that his final project would be his biggest one yet.
Bog Elemental①"When the bog walks, the wise run."↵-Erissa, bog witch
Bog Gnarr①Not all of Dominaria's defenders were nourished by the light.
Bog Imp①Don't be fooled by their looks. Think of them as little knives with wings.
Bog Imp①On guard for larger dangers, we underestimated the power and speed of the Imp's muck-crusted claws.
Bog Imp①On guard for larger dangers, we underestimated the power and speed of the imp's muck-crusted claws.
Bog Imp①Think of it as a butcher knife with wings.
Bog Initiate①"Urborg's magic is strong. Did Urza send you to protect us or to protect against us?"↵-Urborg witch, to Barrin
Bog Naughty①"The faerie plucked an acorn off the ground. One knight's quest was about to come to a bitter end."↵-*Tales of the Fae*
Bog Raiders①"Let weak feed on weak, that we may divine the nature of strength."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Bog Raiders①Those who live amid decay must expect scavengers.
Bog Raiders①Zombies are the perfect marshland fighters-they don't need to breathe and they don't care what they step in.
Bog Rats①Their stench was vile and strong enough, but not nearly as powerful as their hunger.
Bog Serpent①"We thought it was a fallen tree trunk. Then it ate Snod."↵-Sneed, goblin barkwright
Bog Smugglers①They slide over the bog like oil across glass.
Bog Tatters①A wraith is a tale of brutal slaying told anew whenever it finds a victim.
Bog Witch①The world is the body. The mana is the blood. The witch is the surgeon.
Bog Wraith①'Twas in the bogs of Cannelbrae My mate did meet an early grave 'Twas nothing left for us to save In the peat-filled bogs of Cannelbrae.
Bog Wraith①'Twas in the bogs of Cannelbrae My mate did meet an early grave; 'Twas nothing left for us to save In the peat-filled bogs of Cannelbrae.
Bog Wraith①It moved through the troops leaving no footprints, save on their souls.
Bog Wraith①Knowing Takenuma Swamp to be dangerous, Hisata set wards to warn him of predators. He never imagined that his murderer would pass through them unhindered.
Bog Wraith①She died in this swamp, and so will you.
Bog Wraith①The bodies of its victims are the only tracks it leaves.
Bog-Strider Ash①"If you want to test wisdom, offer it to fools and watch how they tear it up."
Bogardan Dragonheart①A hunger to soar must be sated.
Bogardan Firefiend①"The next one who tells me to relax and curl up by a fire is dead."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Bogardan Hellkite①Cleansing the world, one breath at a time.
Bogardan Rager①In the erupting heart of Bogardan, it's hard to tell hurtling volcanic rocks from pouncing volcanic beasts.
Bogbrew Witch①"The hardest thing is finding the right ingredients."
Boggart Arsonists①The Aurora transformed Nibb and Gyik from mischief-makers into feral marauders. They still don't know much about tool safety.
Boggart Birth Rite①Auntie excitedly held up the squalling newborn. "This one looks like Byoog! Maybe he'll tell us what he saw and felt in the beyond."
Boggart Brute①He has the biggest bashing stick, so it's a safe bet he's the leader.
Boggart Forager①"Reach in this hole, lose a hand. Reach in that hole, find a sparkly."↵-Auntie wisdom
Boggart Loggers①Auntie Flint lent axes to Nibb and Gyik, thinking they'd share their experiences with her. She's still waiting for them to come back.
Boggart Ram-Gang①"We're going to need a bigger gate."↵-Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Boggart Shenanigans①Boggarts revel in discovering new sensations, from the texture of an otter pellet to the squeak of a dying warren mate.
Boggart Sprite-Chaser①"Auntie pointed out to the faerie how much mischief a flying boggart could wreak, and a beautiful new friendship was born."↵-A tale of Auntie Grub
Bogstomper①"They are gentle herbivores, despite their size. Approach cautiously, and hum a tune to let them know you mean no harm."↵-Vivien Reid
Boiling Blood①Your father has no horns!↵Your mother wears a bell!↵You drink the milk of goats!↵-Talruum taunts
Boiling Seas①What burns the land, boils the seas.
Boil①"It is a slaughter, the death of a sea. Never speak of it again."↵-The Lord of Atlantis
Boil①"The fishers will throw out their nets and draw them back filled with dust."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Boil①"When every reef is bared and every wave is dust-only then shall I rest."
Boing!①Sometimes the Astrotorium's stunts look dangerous because they absolutely are.
Bojuka Brigand①"I don't do tactics. I don't do guard duty. I do damage. Take it or leave it."
Bola Warrior①The ingredients for panic include equal parts danger, uncertainty, and helplessness.
Bold Impaler①Burning with hatred for Nahiri, the Voldaren and Markov forces assaulted the warped Markov Manor with a collective fury not seen in centuries.
Bold Plagiarist①"I know a good idea when I see one."
Boldwyr Heavyweights①Even if giants bring nothing else on a journey, they bring attention.
Boldwyr Intimidator①"Now everyone knows what you are."
Bolrac-Clan Crusher①Jaharg discovered that the shapes and symmetries so pleasing to the sculptor's eye also yielded a well-balanced bludgeon.
Bolt Bend①"Give them everything you've got . . . and some things you don't."↵-Ral Zarek
Bolt Hound①Its spark is worse than its bite.
Bolt of Keranos①The breakthroughs granted by Keranos, god of epiphany, can be surprisingly literal.
Boltwing Marauder①When battling the Kolaghan, consider yourself lucky if lightning strikes the same place only twice.
Bombard①"Want to sink a ship? Blow a hole in the hull. Want to kill a regisaur? Same answer."↵-Captain Brandis Thorn
Bomber Corps①"Subtlety is for lawmages and spies."
Bond Beetle①A beetle on your shoulder↵-Elvish expression meaning "a blessing of luck"
Bond of Agony①The Rakdos are unique in designing torture equipment they can operate while "suffering" alongside their victims.
Bond of Discipline①"We agree that order benefits everyone, but not until you enforce it."
Bond of Flourishing①"We agree that life should flourish. We disagree on the optimal number of limbs."
Bond of Insight①"Together we can unlock secrets no one has even dreamed of. I might even let you remember some of them."
Bond of Passion①"Why don't we fight for what's right and let bureaucrats argue over details?"
Bond of Revival①"Today we throw off the yoke of death. Either this is an affirmation of the eternal cyclical nature of life, or it's just hilarious-depends on which of us you ask."
Bonded Construct①Loyal to a fault, it heeds its master's every command.
Bonded Fetch①A well-made homunculus grooms the mind of its master, pruning the thoughts that lead to madness. Few loredelvers survive the study of the infinite without one.
Bonded Horncrest①"You don't tame a horncrest. You convince it that it's easier to destroy something else."↵-Amautl, knight of Atzocan
Bonder's Ornament①"Found families deserve a family crest too."↵-Kinnan, bonder prodigy
Bonders' Enclave①There is a sanctuary that reveals itself only to those graced by the *eludha*-the mystical connection between bonder and monster.
Bonds of Faith①"What cannot be destroyed will be bound."↵-Oath of Avacyn
Bonds of Mortality①Jace discovered the leyline pattern needed to anchor Ulamog and Kozilek to reality, but it was Nissa who could trace it on her world.
Bonds of Quicksilver①The sea's reach extends beyond its shores.
Bone Dragon①Its roar is the clatter of a thousand bones.
Bone Flute①After the Battle of Pitdown, Lady Ursnell fashioned the first such instrument out of Lord Ursnell's left leg.
Bone Harvest①"Only fools believe they will face my armies but once."↵-Kaervek
Bone Mask①"The protection offered comes at a price. How numerous are your kin?"↵-Purraj of Urborg
Bone Picker①They are the first to greet dissenters on their journey into exile.
Bone Pit Brute①Welcome to the club.
Bone Sabres①Charged with psychic energy, the melee weapons of the Tyranid are far more than bone and chitin.
Bone Saw①In a world where death is always violent, cruel weapons are as common as rocks.
Bone Saw①Once a simple tool, it-like everything else on Zendikar-has been turned into a weapon against the Eldrazi.
Bone Shaman①Rattle me bones as I cross the floor↵And the bones in your grave will rattle no more.
Bone Shards①In the Kathari dumping grounds known as the Boneheaps, its not hard to improvise an offense.
Bone Splinters①"I will make your bones into a weapon that will lay even the mighty low."↵-Modriss of Zargoth Fen
Bone Splinters①"Steel may be more durable, but nothing channels the spite of the unjustly dead like bone."↵-Braids
Bone Splinters①"Which do you deserve, the heft of a femur or the graceful sharpness of a forearm? Decisions, decisions . . ."↵-Gisa the Mad
Bone Splinters①Vastly outnumbered, the Zendikari found creative ways to even the odds.
Bone Splinters①Witches of the Split-Eye Coven speak of a future when Grixis will overflow with life energy. For now, they must harvest vis from the living to fuel their dark magics.
Bone to Ash①"I can think of worse ways to go. On second thought, maybe not."↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Bonebreaker Giant①One thing's for sure-his fists are harder than your skull.
Bonecaller Cleric①The bell's unearthly chime slips into the ears of the dead, waking them rudely from their eternal slumber.
Boneclad Necromancer①"Living or dead, everyone responds to the proper motivation."
Bonecrusher Giant①Not every tale ends in glory.
Boneknitter①Nothing comes together as easily as it comes apart.
Bonescythe Sliver①"Their appendages are sharper than our swords and quicker than our bows."↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Bonesplitter Sliver①As the time streams grew more and more unstable, Dominaria's creatures struggled to adapt. The intense pressures led to many dead ends but also to lethal new forms that appeared as suddenly as the ashen rains.
Bonesplitter①"It puts an end to what ails you."↵-Jeorg, Valla battlemaster
Bonethorn Valesk①Barbarians weave its spurs into ceremonial charms to proclaim their hardiness in battle.
Boneyard Scourge①Death arrives on tattered wings and stolen bones.
Boneyard Wurm①The only thing it likes more than discovering a pit of bones is adding to it.
Bontu's Last Reckoning①To the last, Bontu wanted only to be first among the God-Pharaoh's subjects.
Bontu's Monument①"The worthy shall strive for greatness. Supremacy in life leads to supremacy in the afterlife."↵-Monument inscription
Bonus Round①When the twin-spell bonus round begins, the crowd rises to its feet in anticipation of incredible combinations.
Book Burning①The wizard's spellbook was full of burning questions.
Book Devourer①"Not my first edition of *The Advokist and the Urchin*!"
Bookwurm①It takes "devouring a book in one sitting" to a frightening extreme.
Boomerang①"O! call back yesterday, bid time return." -William Shakespeare, *King Richard the Second*
Boomerang①"O! call back yesterday, bid time return."↵-William Shakespeare, *King Richard the Second*
Boomerang①"O! call back yesterday, bid time return."↵-William Shakespeare, King Richard the Second
Boomerang①"O! call back yesterday, bid time return."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*King Richard the Second*
Boomerang①"Returne from whence ye came. . . ."↵-Edmund Spenser, *The Faerie Queene*
Boomerang①"Returne from whence ye came. . . ."↵-Edmund Spenser,↵*The Faerie Queene*
Boomerang①A lie always returns; be careful how you catch it.
Boomerang①Early Jamuraan hunters devised a weapon that would return to its source. Tolarian Aethermancers developed a spell that skipped the weapon entirely.
Boomerang①Early Jamuraan hunters devised a weapon that would return to its source. Tolarian Æthermancers developed a spell that skipped the weapon entirely.
Boompile①"Fuses? We have more than enough! Now . . . which one was it?"↵-Flearan One-Eye, goblin engineer
Boompile①"Fuses? We have more than enough! Now … which one was it?"↵-Flearan One-Eye, goblin engineer
Boon Reflection①Kithkin healers chant the clan songs of both their parents over the broth to double its curative effect.
Boon Reflection①Twice brewed and twice blessed, the remedy restores both body and mind.
Boon of Boseiju①She closed her eyes and remembered the smell of the leaves of Jukai Forest. When she opened them, the buildings of Towashi had grown small.
Boon of Emrakul①All around Emrakul, life re-formed in her image.
Boon of Erebos①"Death is not a certainty. Erebos determines when a mortal's time is up."↵-Iadorna, death priest of Erebos
Boon of Safety①"Saving a stranger's life is an excellent recruitment method. Luckily, peril is so easy to come by."↵-Falco Spara
Boon of the Wish-Giver①"There is no law of nature that I have not seen Illuna break. Makes you wonder what is truly possible, does it not?"↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Booster Tutor①"You saved that *Urza's Saga* pack all these years for *this*?"
Booster Tutor①Make your judgment wisely: The right pack will let you defeat your nemesis, but a poor choice can only end in torment. And *Homelands*.
Booster Tutor①Real men use *Arabian Nights* boosters.
Boot Nipper①"I have a number of hyper-specific phobias and this somehow hits all of them."↵-Aaru, Zagoth lumberjack
Bootleggers' Stash①Labyrinths of tunnels beneath the streets of the Caldaia offer an ample array of discreet routes for enterprising smugglers.
Boots of Speed①Click your heels and become the wind.
Borborygmos①"It's easy to see why those Gruul dirtbags follow him-the only orders he gives are 'Crush them!' and 'We eat!'"↵-Teysa
Borborygmos①"It's easy to see why those Gruul dirtbags follow him-the only orders he gives are 'Crush them!' and 'We eat!'"↵-Teysa Karlov
Border Guard①"Join the army, see foreign countries!" they'd said.
Border Patrol①"We have been victims of treachery, of the Cabal, and of our own ambitions. No more."↵-Commander Eesha
Borderland Behemoth①Giants share nothing but their fury.
Borderland Marauder①Though she is rightly feared, there are relatively few tales of her deeds in battle, for few survive her raids.
Borderland Minotaur①"You have led us to triumph over the forces of Mogis!" said Brygus the Brave, clapping the Champion on the back. The Champion wiped the sweat and blood from her brow. "I count eight graves," she said. "Too many to call this a victory."↵-*The Theriad*
Borderland Ranger①"Only fools and bandits use roads."
Borderland Ranger①"There's only one route from Kessig into Stensia. Unless you come with me."
Boreal Centaur①Those who used reindeer as beasts of burden knew to avoid the centaurs, who raged at the enslavement of their spirit-kin.
Boreal Druid①Some creatures are bound to the cold by Rimewind magic. Others seek it out, adapted by two thousand years of the Ice. The Boreal, where Heidar's frigid sway is strongest, is home to both.
Boreal Elemental①Winter's breath given form.
Boreal Griffin①"More than snow falls from the Boreal skies."↵-Arkin Egilsson, skycaptain
Boreal Shelf①"Who will stay the Tyrant's hand, As ice and woe both grip our land? The helpless feel his frozen brand."↵-*The Dynasty of Winter Kings*
Boros Battleshaper①Leaders shape the minds of their allies. It takes a master to shape the minds of enemies.
Boros Challenger①"Send your champion. I could use a light workout."
Boros Charm①"Practice compassion and mercy. But know when they must end."↵-Aurelia
Boros Cluestone①"In case of fire, treachery, citywide riot, political upheaval, or worldwide societal collapse, break glass."↵-Cluestone inscription
Boros Elite①"First, you must fight among the rank and file. It is there I will discern your skills as a leader."↵-Aurelia, to Gideon Jura
Boros Guildgate①"It is our duty to protect all those in need. But the other guilds have never shown themselves worthy of that protection."↵-Tajic
Boros Guildgate①"The more trust breaks down, the more we must throw open the front gates."↵-Aurelia
Boros Guildgate①Enter with merciful hearts. Exit with battle cries.
Boros Guildgate①It promises protection to those in need and proclaims a warning to any who would threaten Ravnican law.
Boros Locket①"We pass these along to our fellow soldiers to recognize deeds of valor. It won't stay with you for long."↵-Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Boros Reckoner①"Imagine a thunderstorm that's also a tactical genius. That's him."↵-Dars Gostok, Firefist captain
Boros Recruit①"Look at this goblin, once wild, untamed, and full of idiocy. The Boros have given him the skill of a soldier and focused his heart with a single cause."↵-Razia
Boros Signet①"Have you ever held a Boros signet? There's a weight to it that belies its size-a weight of strength and of pride."↵-Agrus Kos
Boros Swiftblade①When the Boros Legion attacks, swiftblades enter the fray first. They pick off the archers and mages, softening the enemy front before the flame-kin and giants go in.
Borrowed Time①Teferi stepped calmly into the fray. Suddenly the sun paused in the sky and the werewolves' snarls froze on their faces.
Borrowing ⓪≚≚≙≙≙≙≚≚≙≚≙≚≙≙≙≙≙ Arrows①Kongming and Lu Su tricked Wei troops into shooting over 100,000 arrows at them to later use against the Wei at Red Cliffs.
Bosh, Iron Golem①As Glissa searches for the truth about Memnarch, Bosh searches to unearth the secrets of his past.
Bosk Banneret①Deep in a murmuring bosk, where the trees' memories span centuries, the simple banner of green and copper signifies an elder whose rings number more than a faerie's days.
Bosom Buddy①"Step 1: I believe in a power and toughness greater than myself . . . ."
Botanical Plaza①Public parks are a favored meeting spot for those considering a shift in allegiance.
Botanical Sanctum①Life inspires technology, which expands life's domain.
Bottle Gnomes①"I am reminded of the fable of the silver egg. Its owner cracks it open to see what jewels it holds, only to discover a simple yellow yolk."↵-Karn, silver golem
Bottle Gnomes①Reinforcements . . . or refreshments?
Bottle Golems①Reinforcements *and* refreshments!
Bottomless Pit①"I'm sure it came with the place. I don't think you build one on purpose."↵-Gerrard
Boulder Salvo①"If someone claims the sky is falling, I listen."↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Boulderfall①"Defeating the Meletians was not so difficult. I needed only to move a mountain."↵-Eocles, oracle of Purphoros
Boulderloft Pathway①"The path is stable. It's the gusts all around it that are a bit 'whoosh-oops-bye.'"↵-Kreq of Sunder Bay
Bounce Chamber①Anti-gravity. Pro-fun.
Bounce Chamber①It recreates the peaceful feeling of floating freely in space, just without all that boring peacefulness.
Bounce Chamber①It's a raucous, ricochet-ridden romp, loosely based on the molecular movement inside exploding stars.
Bounce Chamber①The Astrotorium bouncing record is three days, though setting it wasn't strictly intentional.
Bouncing Beebles①Beebles are frequently hurled against stone surfaces at high speed but always zing back into the air with a giggle.
Bound in Gold①"Trespassers will be smelted."↵-Axgard inscription
Bound in Silence①A fight put off forever is already won.
Bounding Krasis①Unpredictable as a storm and destructive as a tidal wave.
Bounding Wolf①With their usual prey scared off by werewolves, the wolves of the Ulvenwald adopted inventive new hunting techniques.
Boundless Realms①"Planeswalking cannot be taught. Either you see the doors or you do not."↵-Nissa Revane
Bounteous Kirin①Even the most benevolent and life-giving of kami joined the war against the mortal world, but only with heavy and sorrowful hearts.
Bountiful Harvest①"When we fail to see the beauty in every tree, we are no better than humans."↵-Saelia, elvish scout
Bountiful Harvest①Following the sun's cycle, harvest season comes once a year-unless the druids bid the sun behave otherwise.
Bountiful Promenade①No pilgrimage to Valor's Reach is complete without a stroll through its celebrated shopping district.
Bountiful Promenade①Servants tend to the garden meticulously, ensuring that Upper City residents aren't bothered by the messier parts of nature.
Bounty Agent①"Lately I've seen the biggest bounties of my career-and for the biggest names."
Bounty Hunter①"Once they've marked you," Starke said, "the world is made of glass."
Bounty of Might①"I am the very soul of battle, but even I would never advise open war with the Conclave."↵-Aurelia
Bounty of Skemfar①Even war cannot dull Skemfar's beauty.
Bower Passage①In the darkest hours, some denied Avacyn. Now the Kessig wilds are their only haven.
Box of Free-Range Goblins①Skrab tried to warn his fellow goblins that the hammer was bait for a trap, but they stopped listening at "hammer."
Brace for Impact①Flesh can be tempered by spellcraft and forged ever stronger by the hammers of foes.
Brackish Trudge①Most trudges are covered with decaying plant matter, making them ideal breeding grounds for fungal spores.
Brago's Representative①On Fiora, no matter is settled until King Brago offers an opinion.
Brago, King Eternal①"My rule persists beyond death itself."
Braid of Fire①"To a trained mind, the cold is but a momentary distraction."
Braids, Cabal Minion①"Home is where you can find a decent graveyard and strangers can disappear without awkward questions."
Braids, Conjurer Adept①The rifted multiverse became a sea of conflicting realities, each peopled by possible versions of every living being.
Braidwood Cup①"I think it no accident that every civilized people has discovered the art of distillation."↵-Rofellos of Llanowar
Brain Gorgers①In spite of their hunger, they're slow eaters.
Brain Pry①To the Rakdos, the fun is in the shakedown. The loot is usually discarded.
Brainbite①An Esper mage will leave a hole in your memory with surgical precision. A Grixis mage sees no reason to be so kind.
Brainstone①One day, it might provide a flash of insight that turns the tide of battle. Meanwhile, it looks lovely on an end table.
Brainstorm①"I have a plan. Actually, I have three."
Brainstorm①"I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments victory was mine."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter↵Kjeldoran royal mage
Brainstorm①"I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments, victory was mine."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Brainstorm①"I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments, victory was mine."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter,↵Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Brainstorm①"I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments, victory was mine."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter,↵Kjeldoran royal mage
Brainstorm①"I see more than others do because I know where to look."↵-Saprazzan vizier
Brainstorm①"In all my years of research, I have yet to accurately quantify that baffling mental process known as 'inspiration.'"↵-Elmora, mage-analyst
Brainstorm①"Infinite ideas flow through the Multiverse, waiting for an open mind."↵-*The Biblioplex: An Introduction*
Brainstorm①"The secret is simply to know what you're going to do before you even see the possibilities."↵-Porlema'ko, mind mage
Brainstorm①2012 Legacy Championship Winner
Brainstorm①The Changer of Ways often sends glimpses of possible futures to his most loyal acolytes, visions that would destroy lesser minds.
Brainstorm①The mizzium-sphere array drove her mind deep into the thought field, where only the rarest motes of genius may be plucked.
Brainwash①"They're not your friends; they despise you. I'm the only one you can count on. Trust me."
Bramble Creeper①"I've seen the fully grown ones tear a baloth to gory ribbons in seconds."↵-Kivi, thornberry harvester
Bramble Elemental①In abandoned corners of Ravnica, nature has begun to reclaim what it once owned.
Bramble Elemental①Ravnica is a seamless urban tapestry, each city bleeding into the next. In abandoned corners, however, nature has begun to reclaim what it once owned.
Bramble Sovereign①"Within this grove, you belong to me."
Bramble Sovereign①Life runs wild amid the tanged branches.
Bramblecrush①"Civilization is fertilizer."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Bramblecrush①Nature abhors a lot of things.
Bramblefort Fink①No matter the cruelty of Oko's jokes, he's always guaranteed the sycophant's laughter.
Bramblesnap①A bramblesnap is formed by grafting together thirteen different plants that already hunger for meat.
Brambleweft Behemoth①Life will find a way, or it will make one.
Bramblewood Paragon①Those who seek to escape her blades succeed only in dying on their stomachs.
Branch of Boseiju①Though they razed the surrounding forest, the builders of Towashi left Boseiju unscathed, shaping the city around the ancient tree.
Branching Bolt①"Lightning lives in everything, in living flesh and growing things. It must be set free."↵-Rakka Mar
Branching Evolution①"Is it the water? The stars? Whatever it is, something incredible is happening here."↵-Eris, zoologist, journal entry
Branchloft Pathway①"Not for the bumble-footed nor wobble-stomached."↵-Kreq of Sunder Bay
Branchsnap Lorian①Lorians treat trees and prey the same way: by ripping them limb from limb.
Brand of Ill Omen①"Let those who bear the brand receive no shelter, no kindness, and no comfort from our people."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Branded Brawlers①"The sword or the lash. Choose."↵-Akul, Keldon whip sergeant
Branded Howler①It is said that one of the most notorious werewolf howlpacks, the Vildin, only calls those whose hands are already stained with blood.
Brand①"By this glyph I affirm your role."↵-Urza, to Karn
Brash Taunter①"You hit like a kobold!"
Brass Gnat①Its buzzing is the sound of its inner mechanisms, ever winding down.
Brass Secretary①The students disliked the secretary for its unfailing memory-until they discovered it couldn't dodge thrown objects.
Brass Squire①"I admire it. Few pull off pluck and subservience at the same time."↵-Ezuri, renegade leader
Brass's Bounty①"Why squabble for trinkets when we could be living large off all this gold?"↵-Admiral Beckett Brass
Brassclaw Orcs①"A whole skin is worth a thousand victories."↵-Orcish Veteran of the Battle of Montford
Brassclaw Orcs①"A whole skin is worth a thousand victories."↵-Orcish veteran of the Battle of Montford
Brassclaw Orcs①"Brassclaws were typical Orcs-quick to laud their own prowess in battle, quick to jeer at their opponents, and quicker still to run away when things started to look slightly dangerous."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Brassclaw Orcs①"Modern Sarpadia's swarming with thrulls. It's a testament to the orcs that they've survived there so long."↵-Elbieta, Argivian scholar
Brassclaw Orcs①"The Brassclaws delighted in lightning raids on Icatian and Dwarven towns; an unprepared enemy is easier to defeat."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Brassclaw Orcs①"The large brass claws worn by some Sarpadian Orc tribes were among the least feared weapons ever known."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Bravado①"We drive the dragons from our home. Why should we fear you?"↵-Fire Eye, viashino bey
Brave the Elements①"Trust me, your lost fingers and toes are nothing compared to the lost treasures of Sejiri."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Brave the Sands①Enduring the most desolate and dangerous conditions, Abzan sentries unfailingly guard the stronghold gates.
Brawl①Anything can happen when patience is scarce and wine is abundant.
Brawn①"'I have arrived,' bellowed Brawn, and the plane shuddered."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Brawn①"'I have arrived,' bellowed Brawn, and the plane shuddered."↵-Scroll of Beginnings
Brazen Dwarf①"My grandmother saved the life of a brass dragon, and in return she was given a glimpse of the fire in its heart-a glimpse she passed down to me."
Brazen Freebooter①Finders, keepers.
Brazen Scourge①Driven by an insatiable hunger, gremlins never cease feeding. They can destroy a lifetime of work in just a few moments.
Brazen Upstart①"Trust me, you want to deal with me. My associates are much less pleasant."
Brazen Wolves①With fewer patrols about, Kessig's roads have become prime hunting grounds.
Breaching Hippocamp①Don't try to ride this steed unless you've got gills too.
Breaching Leviathan①These waters remain uncharted, but not for lack of trying.
Break Asunder①"No good will come of this."
Break Open①There are two ways to resolve puzzling situations: thoughtful contemplation or force. After thoughtful contemplation, most barbarians choose force.
Break Through the Line①"If the Mardu were more in tune with their beasts, they would not scare so easily."↵-Jilaya, Temur whisperer
Breaker of Armies①"There are some who have lost everyone and everything. They actively seek out the Eldrazi, eager for the smallest measure of vengeance."↵-Munda, ambush leader
Breaking Point①"Enough!"
Breakneck Berserker①"Go for the knees! The last giant who tried to get past us got rolled back down the mountain in a dozen pieces."
Breakneck Rider①Only the most skillful riders brave the Breakneck Ride through Kessig.
Breakthrough①The ideas came flooding in so fast that they couldn't all be contained.
Breath Weapon①"In the name of Tempus, Lord of Battles, you will die honorably in righteous fire."
Breath of Dreams①"Get up, blast you! They're attacking! Why are you all so slow?"↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Breath of Fire①Fire leads to more fire.
Breath of Life①"Nothing can stop the power of life-not even death."↵-Onean cleric
Breath of Malfegor①The blood of the demons quickened as their master rose over the battlefield. The blood of the angels also quickened: here was the chance to finally end the war started millennia ago.
Breath of Malfegor①The draconic demon loomed over Dack, and he suddenly sensed he wasn't the only Planeswalker that Malfegor had encountered.
Breath of the Sleepless①Worse than the obscuring mists are the ghastly faces that appear in the glow of spectral lanterns.
Breathless Knight①A deadly charge in eerie silence.
Breathstealer's Crypt①"Far too many soldiers have died in their beds."↵-Telim'Tor
Breathstealer①"As a child, I slept with a cloth over my face, to hide from the spirits that might pull the air from my lungs."↵-Mosi, Femeref weaver
Bred for the Hunt①"Looks like we've found the source. Torch it quick, before anything crawls out."↵-Sergeant "Ripper" Jackson
Bred for the Hunt①Some see the world as a place of infinite wonder and knowledge. Some see it as an infinite dinner plate.
Breeding Pit①The Thrulls bred at a terrifying pace. In the end, they overwhelmed the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Breeding Pit①The thrulls bred at a terrifying pace. In the end, they overwhelmed the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Breeding Pool①"One beginning, many paths."↵-Vannifar
Breeding Pool①Uncharted depths. Unbounded hopes. Unfathomable mysteries.
Breeding Pool①Where Jin-Gitaxias's ingenuity meets Vorniclex's inhumanity.
Breezekeeper①"He blows a gust across the cliff to vanish in a breath of wind."↵-"Song of the Wind Being"
Briar Hydra①Flora and fauna alike rose to Yavimaya's defense.
Briar Patch①As easily as the dryads could close a fist, so could the branches and underbrush entangle.
Briar Shield①In all its forms, the forest is the elves' best protector.
Briarberry Cohort①A clique can cause far more mischief than one faerie on its own.
Briarknit Kami①One thorn to warn, ten thorns to defend, a hundred thorns to destroy.
Briarpack Alpha①"One of my greatest teachers."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Briarpack Alpha①"The wolves turned on us and a chill swept over me. The pack had a new leader."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Bribe Taker①In New Capenna, it's survival of the richest.
Briber's Purse①The bigger the hand, the higher the price.
Briber's Purse①Victory is certain. The price, negotiable.
Bribery①In Mercadia City, loyalties extend only as far as your purse can stretch.
Bridge Troll①Pay the toll, or I'll eat you up
Bright Reprisal①Vampires know blood and the systems that carry it. And they know exactly where to strike to set it free.
Brightclimb Pathway①"Why risk life and limb exploring the wilds? For this."↵-Yavotz, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Brightflame①"Let the pyres of the unbelievers light our way."↵-Razia
Brighthearth Banneret①The banner symbolizes the goodwill of the Brighthearth. Their emissaries bring the mastery of fire to other races.
Brightmare①A ray of hope in the darkest night.
Brightstone Ritual①Wizards fought over the stone to exploit its power. Goblins fight over it because it's shiny.
Brightwood Tracker①"Many have walked here, but there is only one trail I seek."
Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile①Thanks to one champion archer, the true borders of Kinsbaile extend an arrow's flight beyond the buildings.
Brilliant Plan①A heaven-sent vision is like a lantern to guide the way.
Brilliant Plan①At Red Cliffs, Kongming and Zhou Yu each wrote his plan for defeating Wei on the palm of his hand. They laughed as they both revealed the same word, "Fire."
Brilliant Plan①At Red Cliffs, Kongming and Zhou Yu each wrote his plan for defeating the Wei on the palm of his hand. They laughed as they both revealed the same word, "Fire."
Brilliant Restoration①"We have done our best to heal this land together, but now I must entrust the future to my sister. She will carry our dreams onward into the sunrise."↵-Michiko Konda's journal
Brilliant Spectrum①There are more sights on Zendikar than the eyes can see.
Brilliant Ultimatum①Revealing the truth only deepened Tezzeret's curiosity for the secrets still buried.
Brimstone Volley①Peace had failed. War had failed. There was only one option left.
Brindle Boar①"Tell the cooks to prepare the fires. Tonight we feast!"↵-Tolar Wolfbrother, Krosan tracker
Brindle Boar①The war lasted for generations. The boars didn't need to hunt for food anymore. They fed on the fallen corpses, and the living fed off of them.
Brindle Shoat①Hunters lure the stripling boar into the open, hoping to trap greater prey.
Brine Elemental①Water calls to water, and the world is left exhausted and withered in its wake.
Brine Giant①The oracles of Meletis foresaw neither its rise from the depths nor the destruction it would leave in its wake.
Brine Shaman①"The Shamans of Marit Lage do her bidding in secret, but they do it gladly."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Brine Shaman①"The shamans of Marit Lage do her bidding in secret, but they do it gladly."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Brinebarrow Intruder①Locked in the ice of Karfell, the treasures of ancient nobles await in ruins guarded by the dead.
Brineborn Cutthroat①"I always attack from where their spyglasses can't see."
Bring Down①"Big, wicked, and not too smart. Poor thing never stood a chance against us, dear."↵-Regna, to Krav
Bring Low①"People are often humbled by the elements. But the elements, too, can be humbled."↵-Surrak, khan of the Temur
Bring to Life①A true puppet master has no need for strings.
Bring to Trial①"In you go, big guy. Watch your head."
Brink of Disaster①"When you find yourself teetering on the edge of oblivion, mine will be the hands taking pleasure in giving you the final push."↵-Liliana Vess
Brink of Disaster①"You always have a choice. That doesn't mean you always have a good choice."↵-Alubri, Guul Draz gatekeeper
Brink of Madness①"The fools thought me dead. But I built an empire inside my tomb."↵-Kerrick, sleeper agent
Brion Stoutarm①Boggarts and disturbing bits of boggarts flew through the air with alarming and untidy regularity.
Brisela, Voice of Nightmares①Upon discovering what had become of her sisters, Sigarda could only weep.
Bristling Boar①"I can bring down anything in Zagoth, but for some quarry the ratio of fight to meat is too high."↵-Master Hunter Chevill
Bristling Boar①"Nicol Bolas destroyed my world. I owe it to Skalla to celebrate all life, no matter how dangerous."↵-Vivien Reid
Bristling Boar①The spikes of bone protruding from its hide serve primarily as protection, but as they accumulate bits of foliage from the surrounding forest, they also provide camouflage.
Brittle Effigy①"In my early experiments in phylactery, I found that fragile forms have their uses."↵-Rocati, Duke of Martyne
Broken Bond①"I can't bear to see another plane broken before I make my own home whole. I'm sorry, but my watch is over."
Broken Concentration①Some minds bend under pressure. Others break.
Broken Dam①Using nature to their advantage, wise Three Kingdoms generals often let dammed rivers loose to destroy their enemies.
Broken Fall①"I think I used up all my good luck and all my bad luck in the same fall."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Broken Wings①"Fynn climbed the highest peak and waited, still and silent, until the falling snow had hidden him entirely. When the great eagle flew past, the hunter's aim was true."↵-*Saga of the Wisdom Seeker*
Broken Wings①"Serra guides our shots true. Also, I just tuned the cannons."↵-Tiana
Broken Wings①Getting airborne with a kitesail is easy. It's everything afterward that takes focus, skill, and luck.
Broken Wings①New Capenna's demonic masters are quick to extinguish any hint of the angels' power reawakening.
Brokers Ascendancy①"This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. And more importantly, a profitable one. Now sign here."
Brokers Hideout①Once the witness was inside, the safe house vanished first from sight, then from memory.
Brokers Initiate①Regarding the relative might of pen and sword, the official position of the Brokers is "Why choose?"
Brokers Veteran①One last job before he retires.
Brontotherium①Lucky victims get run over. Unlucky victims get run through.
Bronze Bombshell①"Ooh, shiny! Let's pull off the chain and take her with us."↵-Ukl, Gruul raider, last words
Bronze Calendar①Every page holds a month, every date a numeral.
Bronze Cudgels①"These were made when Michiko was young. Wield them wisely."↵-Chiyoko, Jukai elder
Bronze Sable①The Champion stood alone between the horde of the Returned and the shrine to Karametra, cutting down scores among hundreds. She would have been overcome if not for the aid of the temple guardians whom Karametra awakened.↵-*The Theriad*
Bronze Sword①Every strike of the smith's hammer infuses a sword with the determination of its creator.
Bronzebeak Moa①They fight for their home with more loyalty than any conscript.
Brood Keeper①"Come, little one. Unfurl your wings, fill your lungs, and release your first fiery breath."
Brood Monitor①The tenderness of a mother. The pity of a mantis.
Brood Sliver①Within weeks, more slivers nested in Otaria than ever existed on Rath.
Brood Weaver①Travelers in the Somberwald scan the ground for werewolves and other threats, unaware of what lurks above.
Brood of Cockroaches①"It's like waking on a bed of a thousand olives during an earthquake of subtle force."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Broodhunter Wurm①The native creatures of Zendikar have adapted to live under rocks and crawl through underbrush in order to avoid the most voracious predators. The Eldrazi have yet to make such adjustments.
Brooding Saurian①"I have been trapped in the lizard's lair for days. It seems to regard me as its child and will not let me leave."↵-Aevar Borg, northern guide, journal entry
Broodmate Dragon①Frozen in fear, the goblins stared upward at the circling hunter-and were promptly eaten by its diving mate.
Broodwarden①"The least of gods shall tower over the mightiest of mortals, and death shall reign over all."↵-Crypt of Agadeem inscription
Brothers of Fire①Fire is never a gentle master.
Brought Back①"As long as your courage remains, your life will not falter."↵-Sephara, Sky's Blade
Browbeat①"Even the threat of power has power."↵-Jeska, warrior adept
Browbeat①"Pained defiance or shameful surrender-every reaction is a pleasant surprise."↵-Tibalt
Brown Ouphe①"Ouphes love trinkets and love to take them apart. I only wish they wouldn't do so with the magical ones."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Brown Ouphe①In a strange twist of fate, one of the most annoying creatures in the multiverse was brought to the place where it could cause the most damage.
Browse①"Once great literature-now great litter."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Browse①"Once great literature-now great litter."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Bruenor Battlehammer①"Knew I'd find ye in trouble if I came out an' looked for ye!"
Bruna, the Fading Light①She now sees only Emrakul's visions.
Brushstrider①Magistrate Ludy agreed to designate land for the brushstriders only after several broken windows and dozens of missing blini-cakes.
Brushstroke Paintermage①He gives credit where credit isn't due.
Brushwagg①"Defiantly, the young cyclops popped the brushwagg into his mouth. His cheeks suddenly puffed, his eye bulged, and he was forced to agree with his elder."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Brutal Suppression①"They no longer care about their own suffering. Show them something worse."↵-Latulla, Keldon overseer
Brute Force①Blood, bone, and sinew are magnified, as is the rage that drives them. The brain, however, remains unchanged-a little bean, swinging by a strand in a cavernous, raving head.
Brute Strength①"Oketra had our crop build an obelisk to prove the power of working together. But I am stronger without the weak."
Brute Strength①It's not the size of the rock. It's how badly you want to lift it.
Brute Suit①"Send them a message they can't ignore."↵-Satoru Umezawa
Bruvac the Grandiloquent①". . . and furthermore . . ."
Bubble Matrix①"This device was commisioned by a king who desired peace. Unfortunately, the royal artificer was also the king's jester."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Bubbling Beebles①"Chancellor Rayne canceled the annual beeble roast. I should have married a crueler woman."↵-Barrin
Bubbling Muck①The muck claims a hundred living things for each meager treasure it spews forth.
Buccaneer's Bravado①Never underestimate the power of panache.
Bucknard's Everfull Purse①As long as it's never left empty, this magic pouch produces coins every dawn.
Builder's Bane①There is only so much a person may be buried with.
Builder's Blessing①"Mix the mortar with holy wards, or blood will run in the streets."↵-Vadvar, Thraben stonewright
Built to Last①Consulate-built automatons have a lifetime warranty.
Built to Smash①Free from Consulate regulations, renegade-built automatons push performance to the limit.
Bulette①Capable of moving swiftly through even tightly-packed earth and leaping surprising distances above ground, bulettes are difficult to escape once they've caught scent of prey.
Bull Aurochs①The aurochs herd is content to graze-until the bull provides the dissenting urge to charge.
Bull Cerodon①It holds motionless vigil, watching Naya in silence through the screen of the whitecover. When it senses anything amiss, it launches forward with the uncanny sound of torn fog.
Bull Elephant①Four gray trees and a long, coiling snake. What am I?↵-Zhalfirin riddle
Bull Hippo①"How could you not hear it approach? It's a hippo!"↵-Argivian commander
Bull Hippo①Stay alert: his lumbering may shake the ground itself, but in water, he glides.
Bull Hippo①The merfolk may rule the waters, but hippos have never had much respect for authority.
Bull Rush①"It's gone mad! Loose the chains and save what you can!"
Bull's Strength①As the iron bars of the portcullis parted like reeds, the defenders of the keep suddenly felt much less secure.
Bull-Rush Bruiser①There will always be a spot at Valor's Reach for headlong violence.
Bullwhip①"Pain is a crude way to enforce obedience, but it is cheap and plentiful."↵-Volrath
Bulwark Giant①"Where did *she* come from? More importantly, are there more like her?"↵-Gideon Jura
Bulwark Giant①"Where did she come from? More importantly, are there more like her?"↵-Gideon Jura
Bulwark①"It will be the goblin's first bath, and its last."↵-Fire Eye, viashino bey
Bump in the Night①It's not just the wind. It's not all in your head. And it's *definitely* something to worry about.
Bumper Cars①"Pulled a Captain Nebula"↵-Crew expression meaning "an out-of-control car has caused great damage to the surrounding area"
Bumper Cars①"These bumping cars remind me of the time your amusement park smashed into my planet."↵-Ambassador Blorpityblorpboop
Bumper Cars①For those needing instructions how to drive the bumper cars, there's a crash course.
Bumper Cars①The cars are serviced every ten thousand bumps or every four hours, whichever comes first.
Bumper Cars①The engineers figured out a way to make the crashes power the ride itself. The energy surplus alone is enough to run the deep fryer.
Bumper Cars①Vehicular mischief's appeal is universal.
Buoyancy①Saprazzan merfolk become legged on land, but some find it quicker to bring the water with them.
Burden of Greed①"The one who dies with the most toys is still dead."↵-Geth, keeper of the Vault
Burden of Guilt①"Grab an axe and defend the gate! Your despair is an extravagance we can ill afford."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Burdened Aerialist①"Curse this glorious golden weight!"
Burgeoning①"The plants said, 'We will fight the stone with root and stem and seed. We are patient. We will win.'"↵-Skyshroud myth of the forest
Burgeoning①Given time, a single seed can sprout a mighty forest.
Burgeoning①The first vine shows the others where to grow.
Burglar Rat①"Even rats hoard their treasures. Are your precious things so different?"↵-Izoni
Buried Alive①"Is it worse to walk while dead, or to be buried alive? I have witnessed both."↵-Crovax
Buried Alive①The scrape of shovels and the tumble of cold dirt soon muffled their pleas.
Buried Ruin①History has buried its treasures deep.
Burlfist Oak①If a tree fells you in the forest and no one is around to hear it, "does it make a sound" is the last thing you need to worry about.
Burn Away①"Your corruption will burn, serpent, until there is nothing left to defile."↵-Asmala, bloodfire mystic
Burn Bright①"From a great bonfire at the dawn of time, the first Gruul kindled their rage. The same flame burns in you."↵-Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Burn the Accursed①Nothing remained but a few drifting embers and the smell of smoldering hair.
Burn the Impure①Flame doesn't kneel to Phyrexia.
Burning Anger①"With rage as your forge, your hammer can smite anything."
Burning Earth①"Your world is formed from the same power that wraps my burning hand around your throat."↵-Shrazik, lavamancer
Burning Fields①"In raiding and plundering, be like fire, in immovability like a mountain."↵-Sun Tzu, *Art of War* (trans. Giles)
Burning Hands①A simple fire spell that grows in intensity along with its caster.
Burning Inquiry①Jariad burned the midnight oil, burned through scroll after scroll, and then burned down his laboratory.
Burning Oil①Every now and then, a devil's prank can give you a good idea.
Burning Palm Efreet①Even the lion envies the lark.
Burning Prophet①"This day will end in death, but not the one you hoped for. This day will end in victory, but not the one you expected."
Burning Sands①"Pain teaches lessons no scholar can."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Burning Shield Askari①"Any day that I ride my horse up to my ankles in the remains of my enemies is a good day."↵-Akin, seasoned askari
Burning Sun's Avatar①"Tilonalli's searing rays carry the spark of life's eventual destruction as all light fades."↵-Chitlati, Lightning Rider
Burning Vengeance①Mist is the geists' sorrow. Wind is their pain. Fire is their vengeance.
Burning Wish①She wished for a weapon, but not for the skill to wield it.
Burning-Fist Minotaur①"There is no afterlife. Not for me, and not for you. So think again before getting in my way."
Burning-Tree Emissary①Those who regard the Gruul as savage simpletons underestimate the subtle power of their shamans.
Burning-Tree Shaman①Gruul shamans are bent on punishing the civilized. Any act more complex than rubbing sticks together or eating with utensils is met with the stinging burn of their magic.
Burning-Tree Vandal①The ostentatious splendor of the Orzhov church was just asking to be smashed.
Burning-Yard Trainer①"For every scar I've received, I've given ten back."
Burnished Hart①Forged by divine hands to wander mortal realms.
Burnished Hart①Not born of nature, but deeply connected to it nonetheless.
Burnout①"GOTCHA!"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Burnout①"GOTCHA!"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Burnt Offering①"My foes serve me twice: in dying, and in death."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Burrenton Bombardier①The flasks provide ballast, a means of steering, and-with a little luck-a way to deliver ward-spells to cohorts below.
Burrenton Forge-Tender①"We are a clachan of smiths. The forge is as comfortable to us as a small fire during a cool winter's evening."
Burrenton Shield-Bearers①Soul and bones, kithkin are woven into their clans. They fight fiercely and without self-interest.
Burrog Befuddler①Students who seek river herbs in Doradur quickly find themselves slightly damp and thoroughly surrounded.
Burst of Energy①"I stand ready to die for our world. Who will stand with me?"↵-Radiant, archangel
Burst of Speed①Great generals inspire by example. Goblin chieftains inspire by electrifying the barracks.
Burst of Strength①"Our fight is not about territory or revenge. It is about freedom, plain and simple."↵-Ruric Thar, Ghor-Clan chieftain
Bursting Beebles①Like thousands of others, the beebles quit Magic for several years following the release of the *Mercadian Masques* set.
Bury in Books①There are no weapons allowed in the Biblioplex, but a clever mage is never truly defenseless.
Bushmeat Poacher①"If you've never feasted on Zagoth terror-pig, I got the best price you'll find."
Busted!①"All you gotta do is panic with purpose. And plead your innocence with purpose. And have your mom bail you out with purpose."
Butcher Ghoul①Without a mind, it doesn't fear death. Without a soul, it doesn't mind killing.
Butcher Orgg①It can kill you with three arms tied behind its back.
Butcher of Malakir①His verdict is always guilty. His sentence is always death.
Butcher's Cleaver①Outside the safety of Thraben, there is little distinction between tool and weapon.
Butcher's Glee①The Crave made Kneecleaver think she was bigger than the dragon.
Buy Your Silence①Mikey "the Mouth" kept his nickname after he struck a deal with Gregorio, even though he never spoke another word.
By Force①"Dissent? Your gods can't even begin to comprehend the dissent that's about to happen here!"↵-Chandra Nalaar
By Gnome Means①There's no race like gnome.
By Invitation Only①The red envelopes guarantee safe passage through the Lurenbraum barrier. Olivia left strict instructions: no invitation, no entry, no exceptions.
Byway Courier①A good courier travels fast and asks no questions.
Cabal Archon①"You are weak. I am strong. The protocol is obvious."
Cabal Coffers①Deep within the Cabal's vault, the Mirari pulsed like a dead sun-and its darkness radiated across Otaria.
Cabal Coffers①The Cabal required a suitably immense space to house the lucrative fruits of their religious zeal.
Cabal Conditioning①"Hear only the Cabal's voice.↵See only the Cabal's way.↵Speak only the Cabal's word."↵-Cabal mantra
Cabal Evangel①"All hail the Demonlord Belzenlok, Evincar of the Stronghold, Scion of Darkness, Doom of Fools, Lord of the Wastes, Master of the Ebon Hand, Eternal Patriarch of the Cabal . . ."
Cabal Initiate①"Hear our prayers, oh Shadowed One, and bless us in bloody agony."
Cabal Paladin①"The Demonlord has ruled every age. Every ruin, myth, and nightmare proves his power."↵-"Rite of Belzenlok"
Cabal Ritual①"Each syllable chills your veins. Each word rattles your mind."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Cabal Ritual①The Patriarch is long dead, but his name still stains the lips of cultists.
Cabal Slaver①"In its natural habitat, the goblin is stupid, yet devious. Now it's stupid, devious, and powerful."
Cabal Stronghold①The seat of Belzenlok's power, the Stronghold serves as the gathering place for the Cabal as their dark influence spreads from Urborg.
Cabal Surgeon①"Clerics give up when their patients die. Can I help it if I'm more compassionate?"
Cabal Trainee①"Ah, a faceshredder. Very rare. Nearly unstoppable. Good luck!"↵-Cabal instructor
Cabaretti Ascendancy①"Whatever you're looking for-food, family, Halo-we've got the best in town."
Cabaretti Courtyard①So long as the Halo keeps flowing, the festivities never end.
Cabaretti Initiate①"Now there's a fellow who knows how to have a good time!"↵-Jetmir
Cache Raiders①What the current doesn't take, they do.
Cached Defenses①The glittering scales in the Abzan vaults represent mighty deeds of the past and protection for generations to come.
Cackling Culprit①"Ha! They fall for it every time."
Cackling Fiend①Its windpipe is only the first to amplify its maddening laughter.
Cackling Flames①"I like a little entertainment with my dinner."↵-Rakdos
Cackling Imp①Its laughter drives needles through your mind.
Cackling Witch①The touch of his madness can drive anyone into a killing frenzy.
Cacophodon①When a cacophodon is angry, the whole jungle knows.
Cadaver Imp①The mouth must be pried open before rigor mortis sets in. Otherwise the returning soul can find no ingress.
Cadaverous Bloom①"It's filthy work, planting them."↵-Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Cadaverous Knight①Grieve for the soul in death dishonored.↵-Shadow Guild saying
Cadira, Caller of the Small①She roams the border between wilderness and civilization, protecting those who need it most.
Cage of Hands①"Our own actions built the prisons that now hold us. Our hands reached too far and tried to hold too much."↵-Dosan the Falling Leaf
Caged Zombie①"Six consecutive life sentences" takes on a new meaning when necromancy is involved.
Cagemail①"Power often costs too high a price."↵-Commander Eesha
Calamity Bearer①He'd ignite the World Tree itself if he could.
Calculating Lich①"We share a common enemy. Does that not make us friends?"
Caldera Kavu①As powerful and malleable as the molten rock it calls home.
Caligo Skin-Witch①"Take their faces. The lips of these unbelievers may yet honor the Demonlord."
Call In a Professional①For the next week, Park Heights smelled of burnt oil paint and brimstone.
Call for Unity①The "leaking spire" stands for liberation from Consulate control.
Call of the Conclave①Centaurs are sent to evangelize in Gruul territories where words of war speak louder than prayers of peace.
Call of the Death-Dweller①The living fear Nethroi's whispers. The dead heed them.
Call of the Wild①From a whisper to a roar, the call is heard by all and refused by none.
Call of the Wild①Thinking of dinner made Squee realize that the forest was probably thinking the same thing.
Call the Bloodline①At Sorin's appeal, Olivia Voldaren summoned the full might of her bloodline to gather at Lurenbraum Fortress.
Call the Cavalry①Benalish citizens born under the same constellations share a star-clan. Their loyalty to one another interlaces the Seven Houses.
Call the Coppercoats①When the alarm crystals flash, Drannith's finest answer the call.
Call the Gatewatch①"I've heard it said that a Planeswalker is someone who can always run from danger. But Gideon's right: we're also the ones who can choose to stay."↵-Jace Beleren
Call the Scions①Ulamog's progeny swarm the land, draining Zendikar's mana to feed the titan's insatiable hunger.
Call the Skybreaker①It hears and answers every orison across Shadowmoor.
Call to Glory①"General Takeno glared at us as if we were the enemy. 'The day is not over yet,' he shouted, 'and unless you have a nezumi's heart, you *will* stand and fight!'"↵-*Battle of Akagi River: A Survivor's Tale*
Call to Heel①On Bant, a sigil is both a prize of honor and a bond of duty. The one who bears it may be called to fulfill that charge at any moment.
Call to Mind①"It's hard to say which is more satisfying: the search for that missing piece or fitting that piece into place."↵-Evo Ragus
Call to Serve①Grace is a gift, never a reward.
Call to the Feast①By the law of church and crown, vampires feed only on the blood of the guilty-those declared heretics, rebels, or enemies of war.
Call to the Netherworld①The ritual was normally performed only by horrors and pit spawn. Lesser mages had but one sanity to crack in the casting.
Call to the Void①Bhaal's mortal children carried within them a darkness that, left unchecked, would devour them all.
Caller of Gales①"Some merfolk choose to rest their fins in the water. I believe wisdom exists not only where we were born but where we were told not to go."
Callous Dismissal①"They make it clear we are nothing to them."↵-Lavinia
Callous Giant①"The invasion has awoken slumbering mountains," noted Urza. "Good. We can use all the help we can get."
Calming Verse①The chattering forest fell silent as the otherworldly song began.
Caltrops①The Eastern Paladin knew how highly his southern rival valued horses, so he gleefully prepared a suitable welcome.
Caltrops①Toward the end, Gatha struggled to keep his experiments in and his patrons out.
Camaraderie①"Within the song of Mat'Selesnya, one becomes all."↵-Heruj, Selesnya hierophant
Camel①Everyone knew Walid was a pious man, for he had been blessed with many sons, many jewels, and a great many Camels.
Campaign of Vengeance①"There is no saving this world, not anymore. But we shall be its bloody vengeance."↵-Sorin Markov
Campus Guide①"There's nowhere in Strixhaven I can't find. Where do you need to go?"
Can't Stay Away①Death is no impediment to dinner.
Canal Courier①The most effective roadways in Paliano aren't roads at all.
Canal Monitor①The first goblin tried to swim the canal. The second built a raft. The last and craftiest goblin launched herself from a firecannon and soared over the canal, trailing smoke. All were eaten, but only one was cooked.
Cancel①"Even the greatest inferno begins as a spark. And anyone can snuff out a spark."↵-Chanyi, mistfire sage
Cancel①"Hold your fire, obviously."↵-Captain Brandis Thorn
Cancel①"I decide what stands in my way."
Cancel①"It is forbidden. Asking why is irrelevant."↵-Sergiu, Opal Lake magistrate
Cancel①"Let me try one of Kefnet's puzzles. This one was too easy."
Cancel①"What you are attempting is not against the law. It is, however, extremely foolish."
Cancel①Fendros gasped as he watched the spell drip from the ends of his fingers. He moved his foot, afraid to disturb the spot where it lay slain.
Cancel①Zendikar's volatile mana is the basis for many spectacular spells-and some equally astonishing failures.
Candelabra of Tawnos①Tawnos learned quickly from Urza that utter simplicity often led to wondrous, yet subtle utility.
Candlegrove Witch①"Like a thousand candles fighting back the darkness, we are strongest when we stand together."
Candlekeep Inspiration①Tales of heroes past galvanize the heroes of the future.
Candlekeep Sage①You love the smell of dusty tomes, the flicker of candles during late-night reading, and the old texts that bring to life the scholars who have come before.
Candlelight Vigil①Selesnya guildmages do not sleep so the rest of the Conclave can.
Candlelight Vigil①Selesnya guildmages do not sleep so the rest of the conclave can.
Candlelit Cavalry①"On this night, the dark will fear us."
Candles of Leng①"A tome stored in its light is as crisp as the day it was written."↵-Ettovard, Tolarian archivist
Canker Abomination①Once the hideous disease takes hold, it spreads through both bark and mind.
Cankerous Thirst①Nothing warms the bark on a chilly day like a draught of elf.
Cannibalize①"Mine."
Canopy Baloth①"You can almost see it calculating-are we a tasty enough treat to risk the jump?"↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Canopy Dragon①"In the Mwonvuli you must divide your attention between what hangs overhead and what lies underfoot."↵-Sidar Jabari
Canopy Gorger①The settlement's defenders were glad to have such a massive, ferocious creature join the fight-but less glad to see it flatten their homes along the way.
Canopy Spider①"We know our place in the cycle of life-and it is not as flies."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Canopy Spider①It keeps the upper reaches of the forest free of every menace . . . except for the spider itself.
Canopy Stalker①The forest's cover offers shade, shelter, and an increased risk of sudden death.
Canopy Tactician①"Death and life are two ends of the same spear."
Canopy Vista①The continent of Murasa lies beneath a blanket of dense vegetation, its enormous branches tangled so thickly that some inhabitants never see the ground.
Canyon Drake①"These runes are tough enough without the distraction," Ertai muttered, one eye on the drake.
Canyon Jerboa①"Move, you wretched thing! You're scaring the hurdas!"↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Canyon Lurkers①The broken Qal Sisma foothills make poor terrain for cavalry, but a perfect setting for ambushes.
Canyon Minotaur①"We'll scale these cliffs, traverse Brittle Bridge, and then fight our way down the volcanic slopes on the other side."↵"Isn't the shortest route through the canyon?"↵"Yes."↵"So shouldn't we-"↵"No."
Canyon Minotaur①On Jund, the deep canyons were the best places to hide. When the goblins wandered into Naya, they found that was not so true.
Canyon Wildcat①"Relative of yours?" Ertai teased. Mirri simply sneered.
Canyon Wildcat①In the warrior kingdom of Keld, the cats used in the hunt are prized for their tracking sense and ability to climb walls.
Cao Ren, Wei Commander①Cao Cao's cousin, Cao Ren was known throughout the three kingdoms as the fiercest of warriors.
Cao Ren, Wei Commander①Cao Cao's cousin, Cao Ren was was known throughout the three kingdoms as the fiercest of warriors.
Capashen Knight①Few warriors dare to challenge a knight of Capashen. Should one do so, there is one fewer.
Capashen Knight①He protects Benalia as much with his reputation as with his force of arms.
Capashen Standard①Benalia has no need for peacocks to serve as symbols of vanity. The Capashens strut more proudly than any bird.
Capashen Templar①Their shields are Benalia's outermost battlements.
Capashen Unicorn①Capashen riders were stern and humorless even before their ancestral home was reduced to rubble.
Capital Punishment①"I did offer them a choice . . ."↵-Queen Marchesa
Caprichrome①It is what it eats.
Capricious Efreet①"You wish for great destruction? It is done, my master."
Captain Ripley Vance①The Spitfire Bastion bristles with cannons claimed from every ship she's conquered.
Captain Sisay①Her leadership forged the *Weatherlight*'s finest crew.
Captain Vargus Wrath①"To be a successful cutthroat, you have to truly enjoy the work."
Captain of the Mists①"I am no mere ship's captain. The north wind is my accomplice. The tide is my first mate."
Captain's Call①"Argivia's walls may run on powerstones, but its real power comes from its people."↵-King Darien XLVIII
Captain's Call①"Who among you has the courage to face certain death? Who will heed my call?"↵-Rayel Vanger, Firstblade of Thune
Captain's Claws①Forged for victory in a time of despair.
Captain's Maneuver①Sisay discovered that the mirrored hull of the *Weatherlight* could be used as a defensive weapon.
Captivating Crew①"We sail. We plunder. Then we dance."
Captivating Gyre①"That's enough of that."↵-Atemsis, All-Seeing
Captivating Unicorn①"Gazing at the unicorn, I felt closer to the majesty of Nyx than I ever had before."↵-Oineus, traveling merchant
Captive Flame①"Kills and cooks your food in one easy stroke."
Capture of Jingzhou①The province of Jingzhou was the fulcrum of the three kingdoms. At separate times it was coveted and controlled by the Wu, the Shu, and the Wei.
Captured by the Consulate①"At last, the infamous Pia Nalaar."↵-Tezzeret
Carapace Forger①"Bows and whips cannot save us from these new horrors of the Mephidross."
Carapace①"Now *that's* a fashion statement."↵-Devin, faerie noble
Carapace①"Now, *that's* a fashion statement."↵-Devin, Faerie Noble
Carapace①"The tougher to crack, the sweeter the snack."↵-Kakra, Sea Troll
Caravan Hurda①"Not too bright, but good enough for the job required-carrying and walking in a straight line."↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Carbonize①"There's no coming back from that."↵-Jaya Ballard
Cardboard Carapace①. . . that exciting . . . about . . .
Carefree Swinemaster①"C'mon, Boodigan, let's go see what kind of treasure this place has!"
Careful Consideration①"Sages who take the time to verify their sources are rewarded for their diligence."↵-Jhoira, to Teferi
Careful Study①Books are like crops-they must be thinned for best yield.
Caregiver①"The guilds each believe its way is right, but their ways only bring blood to Ravnica's streets and tears to Ravnica's families."
Careless Celebrant①"Renata was mesmerized by the satyr's dance of gleeful indifference, of reckless grace and bright disaster."↵-Luphea of Setessa, *Histories*
Caress of Phyrexia①"I am weak. Make . . . me . . . ideal."
Carnage Altar①"In these bloodstains I will find the fingerprints of our oppressors."↵-Anowon, the Ruin Sage
Carnage Gladiator①Not the foulest or bloodiest act at Rix Maadi by a stretch.
Carnage Tyrant①Sun Empire commanders are well versed in advanced martial strategy. Still, the correct maneuver is usually to deploy the giant, implacable death lizard.
Carnassid①The hunter would never forget the time or place where he first met the carnassid, for they buried him there.
Carnelian Orb of Dragonkind①The essence of red dragon burns within, always ready to rise with wrath.
Carnifex Demon①Every contagion has a host.
Carnival Carnivore①Somehow only the third-most dangerous ride in the park.
Carnival Hellsteed①Its favorite treats are candied hands and sweet hearts.
Carnival of Souls①"'Davvol, blast those elves.' 'Davvol, transport those troops.' No one cares that today is my birthday."
Carnivorous Death-Parrot①Save a kill spell to deal with this guy.
Carnivorous Moss-Beast①Ranger wisdom dictates that when fleeing from a moss-beast, you must stay calm, find your bearings, and run south.
Carnivorous Plant①"It had a mouth like that of a great beast, and gnashed its teeth as it strained to reach us. I am thankful it possessed no means of locomotion." -Vervamon the Elder
Carnivorous Plant①"It had a mouth like that of a great beast, and gnashed its teeth as it strained to reach us. I am thankful it possessed no means of locomotion."↵-Vervamon the Elder
Carnophage①"And in their blind and unattaining state their miserable lives have sunk so low that they must envy every other fate."↵-Dante, *Inferno*, trans. Ciardi
Carnophage①Eating is all it knows.
Carom①Her enemy's strength is her own.
Carpet of Flowers①Winds through silent bloom
Carrier Pigeons①"Birds know no borders! Why, then, should we?"↵-General Varchild, in a missive to King Darien of Kjeldor
Carrier Pigeons①"It's true I ask no fealty of the flocks-but surely we are more than mere beasts."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor, in a missive to General Varchild
Carrier Thrall①"Later we will mourn those we have lost. First we must end their suffering."↵-Drana, Kalastria bloodchief
Carrion Ants①"'War is no picnic,' my father liked to say. But the Ants seemed to disagree." -*General Chanek Valteroth*
Carrion Ants①"'War is no picnic,' my father liked to say. But the ants seemed to disagree."↵-General Chanek Valteroth
Carrion Ants①"War is no picnic," my father liked to say. But the Ants seemed to disagree.
Carrion Ants①"War is no picnic," my father liked to say. But the ants seemed to disagree.
Carrion Beetles①It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye.
Carrion Call①The natural order is out of order.
Carrion Crow①When carrion feeds on carrion, dark days approach.
Carrion Feeder①It has no respect for the deeds of martyrs, reducing their legacy to a mouthful of flesh.
Carrion Feeder①Stinking of rot, it leaps between gravestones in search of its next meal.
Carrion Howler①They chase tirelessly after the bone-carts that speed along the streets of the Plague Quarter.
Carrion Imp①No scrap of nutrition goes to waste in the undercity.
Carrion Rats①"Just what I need-more competition."↵-Cabal grave robber
Carrion Screecher①The banished have come home to roost.
Carrion Thrash①Viashino hunt in gangs called thrashes. Not all thrashes hunt the freshest game.
Carrion Wall①A wall built from the bodies of the enemy will never lack building material in times of war.
Carrion Wurm①Since it eats only carrion, sometimes it needs to make some from scratch.
Carrion①King or herder, the maggots care not.
Carry Away①Stealing goblin weapons would be easier if the goblins were smart enough to let go.
Cartel Aristocrat①"Your life serves a higher purpose now: ensuring the continuation of my own."
Cartographer's Survey①She monitors the roads in every province, mapping safe routes through hunting grounds and haunting grounds alike.
Cartographer①"Finding the way once is luck. Finding the way twice takes a good map."
Cartographer①How do you map a world when the land moves beneath your feet?
Cartouche of Knowledge①Cartouches chronicle the initiates' achievements in the trials.
Cartouche of Zeal①The fifth cartouche is the final affirmation of glory, granted only to the worthy dead.
Carven Caryatid①So-called "old wood" is rare in deforested Ravnica. Statues carved from it are said to house the last of the ancient nature spirits.
Cascade Bluffs①Travelers bathe in the falls to wash away curses from the pucas who lurk nearby.
Cascade Seer①"Perhaps you can't see the path, but that doesn't mean it isn't there."
Cascading Cataracts①"The power that flows here cannot be denied. But where is the source?"↵-Nissa Revane
Cascading Cataracts①"The rushing water is as the God-Pharaoh. It encompasses all. It nurtures all."↵-Temmet, vizier of Naktamun
Case the Joint①Steel doors and iron bars are child's play for an Obscura operative.
Cast Down①"We simply cannot tolerate a petty thief among the servants. I'm afraid I'll have to let you go."↵-Rog, steward of House Rillyn
Cast Down①"Your life is finished, your name lost, and your work forgotten. It is as though Mazeura never existed."↵-*Chainer's Torment*
Cast into Darkness①In desperation the soldier prayed to Phenax, begging for the power to cheat the gorgon's gaze.
Castigate①"We have no need for military might. We wield two of the sharpest swords ever forged: Faith in our left hand, Wealth in our right."↵-Vuliev of the Ghost Council
Casting of Bones①"Only a necromancer would create such a foul form of divination."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Casting of Bones①"Whether whole or not, still we serve Lim-Dul's wishes."↵-Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Castle Ardenvale①Without Ardenvale's loyalty, the realm would greedily devour itself.
Castle Embereth①Without Embereth's courage, the realm would falter and fall.
Castle Garenbrig①Without Garenbrig's strength, the realm would succumb to the wilds.
Castle Locthwain①Without Locthwain's persistence, the realm would stagnate and die.
Castle Raptors①"Each place we see is as ruined and lifeless as the last. So here we stay, because this ruin is *ours*."
Castle Sengir①Where hope has no champion, evil rules all.
Castle Vantress①Without Vantress's knowledge, the realm would lose itself in darkness.
Castle①". . . Our castle's strength↵Will laugh a siege to scorn."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*Macbeth*
Castle①"Hang out our banners on the outward walls; / The cry is still, 'They come'; our castle's strength / Will laugh a siege to scorn."↵-William Shakespeare, *Macbeth*
Cat Burglar①The *il*-Kor no longer roam the open plains, but they are still hunters.
Cat Warriors①These stealthy felines have survived so many battles that some believe they must possess many lives.
Cataclysm①"Keep with you only this much: your mount, your blade, and your wits. The rest you can find, build, or take."↵-Horse clans' wisdom
Cataclysm①The *Weatherlight* dragged the *Predator* behind it, the cradle hauling the casket.
Cataclysm①The *Weatherlight* dragged the Predator behind it, the cradle hauling the casket.
Catacomb Crocodile①"I am sewer-king!" said Rat. "I am quick and cunning and I know every tunnel."↵"No, I am king!" said Zombie. "I am cold and deadly and no rot can harm me."↵Then Croc came and ate them both.
Catacomb Slug①"The entire murder scene was covered in dripping, oozing slime. No need for a soothsayer to solve that one."↵-Pel Javya, Wojek investigator
Catalog①"The appearance of these warped stones throughout the provinces is too pervasive to be random. More evidence is needed to determine the reason behind them."↵-Tamiyo's journal
Catalog①"Without order comes errors, and errors kill on Tolaria."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Catalog①Though those who study are as many as the hairs on an ox, those who succeed are as rare as unicorns' horns.↵-Chinese proverb
Catalyst Elemental①As the hyperstormic generator crept past redline, a being emerged from the arc.
Catalyst Stone①The gems' incandescence invades the dreams of all who see them.
Catapult Captain①And they're more than happy to share the wealth.
Catapult Fodder①These days, ghouls are the only abundant resource in Thraben.
Catapult Master①"There's no 'I' in 'team,' but there's a 'we' in 'weapon.'"
Catapult Squad①Together they could hit anything between the heavens and the horizon.
Catastrophe①Radiant's eyes flashed. "Go, then," the angel spat at Serra, "and leave this world to those who truly care."
Cateran Brute①The Cateran guild prefers to call them "public relations."
Cateran Kidnappers①Recruits aren't always volunteers.
Cateran Summons①Even when recruitment is slow, the guild can always cook something up.
Caterwauling Boggart①"As far as I can tell, that frog dangling from the stick serves absolutely no purpose whatsoever."↵-Gaddock Teeg
Cathar Commando①"Honorable tactics are for honorable foes. These werewolves are preying on innocent travelers. I'll stab them in the back while they sleep if I have to."
Cathar's Call①Some cathars succumbed to despair at Avacyn's unmaking. The rest redoubled their efforts to carry out her work.
Cathar's Companion①"Unwavering and loyal, they represent stability in uncertain times."↵-Rem Karolus, Slayer of Angels
Cathar's Shield①"A leader can inspire courage, but it is the smiths and healers who truly keep hope alive."↵-Thalia, heretic cathar
Cathars' Crusade①Avacyn's holy warriors kept hope alive in her darkest hours. Now they will carry that hope across Innistrad.
Cathartic Adept①"Forget. Only then will there be space for hope between the pain and fear."
Cathartic Pyre①"Leave behind this sorrow of this body. Be blessed, being of light."
Cathartic Reunion①The chasm of years and worlds collapsed under the power of their embrace.
Cathartic Reunion①The soldier had given up his wealth, his title, even his home, but he had no room for regret. At last, he had saved his friend.
Cathedral Sanctifier①"Evil will soon be vanquished. What Innistrad most needs now is healing."
Cathodion①Cathodions repair the Great Furnace by soldering parts of themselves to the mechanism. Eventually, they become one with the machine.
Cathodion①Instead of creating a tool that would be damaged by heat, the Thran built one that was charged by it.
Caught in the Brights①While hunting aether, a gremlin may ignore other stimuli, including threats to its own life.
Cauldron Familiar①Every day the cat returns to kill the same mouse, which sinks again into the cauldron's brew.
Caustic Caterpillar①"The rare and beautiful butterflies inspire the design of our thopters. The larvae, however, are a different story entirely."↵-Kiran Nalaar, Ghirapur inventor
Caustic Crawler①Novice explorers can mistake the acid-carved stone lairs for ancient ruins. They rarely survive to learn better.
Caustic Hound①At first, the Mirrans aimed for its exposed gut. The survivors quickly learned to do otherwise.
Caustic Rain①"Looking out the great windows of Vitu-Ghazi at the foundry stacks belching their smoke to the sky, I wonder when the sky will take its vengeance."↵-Heruj, Selesnya initiate
Caustic Tar①"Twisted magic, twisted fate, Force the land to ooze with hate."↵-Cabal chant
Caustic Tar①A forest fire can rejuvenate the land, but the tar's vile consumption leaves the land forever ruined.
Caustic Tar①The spite of the Cabal turns meadow into mire.
Caustic Wasps①Even the wasp knows how to pay the magistrate his due respect.
Cavalcade of Calamity①Let the Dimir worry about witnesses. For the Rakdos, screams count as applause.
Cavalry Pegasus①"It is hope, hooved and winged."↵-Cymede, queen of Akros
Cave Tiger①The druids found a haven in the cool limestone tunnels beneath Argoth. The invaders found only tigers.
Cave-In①One fleet was gone; others were poised.
Cavern Thoctar①Natives of Naya know better than to loiter near the mouth of a cave. Two glowing red eyes and the stench of foul breath are all the warning you're likely to get.
Caves of Koilos①After years of silence, the caves once again echo with the grisly sounds of Phyrexians preparing for war.
Cease-Fire①When the crimson fades from the magical embers, a final wisp of smoke will rise. Soon after, hostilities will begin anew.
Ceaseless Searblades①Flamekins' fires burn cool until they decide otherwise.
Celebrate the Harvest①The Harvesttide dance is one of joyous abandon, a last revel before winter nights.
Celebrity Fencer①After a brief but memorable incident at her first performance, she was never heckled again.
Celestial Ancient①"We thought the clouds had moved from the night sky. Then the night sky moved, and the horizon grew wings."↵-Josuri
Celestial Enforcer①"I look to the heavens for hope, but you will kneel."
Celestial Flare①"You were defeated the moment you declared your aggression."↵-Gideon Jura
Celestial Force①"Wishing upon only one star seems like a failure of imagination."↵-Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter
Celestial Judgment①"I was going to suggest silver, but a beam of pure angelic fury works even better."↵-Rem Karolus, Fiendslayer
Celestial Kirin①All bow at its visitation-some in awe, some in honor, some in fear.
Celestial Mantle①Upon such armor, even a mountain would break.
Celestial Messenger①"It soars on the winds of dreams."↵-Mu Yanling
Celestial Purge①"A world without evil? Boring. Give me vile fiends to smite and banish any day."↵-Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Celestial Purge①"They say only the good die young. Obviously, you are one of the exceptions."↵-Delrobah, cleric of Ivora Gate
Celestial Purge①"This new chaos confounds us. We must fling it into our winds, our storms. These we can control."↵-Bezzit Plar, Esper stormcaller
Celestial Purge①"We see clearly the error of your ways. It does not matter that you choose not to."↵-Urien of the Lightwielders
Celestial Sword①"So great is its power, only the chosen can wield it and live."↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Celestial Unicorn①When all hope fails, its light remains.
Cellar Door①As if anyone needed another reason to avoid dark, dank cellars.
Cemetery Gate①"It keeps some out, yes. It also keeps others in!"↵-Grandmother Sengir
Cemetery Gate①"Just the place for a picnic."↵-Murat, Death Speaker
Cemetery Puca①"'Tis a strange creature indeed that chooses the vanquished over the victor."↵-Awylla, elvish safewright
Cemetery Reaper①Every grave cradles a recruit.
Cemetery Recruitment①"There's a smoothness to my magic here that I don't find on any other plane."
Cenn's Enlistment①The more the scarier.
Cenn's Heir①His home clachan's familial spirit bolsters his own, but he will be ready to preside over the town as cenn only after he learns to project that strength to others.
Cenn's Tactician①"A well-trained force brings peace . . . which brings more time for training!"
Cenn's Tactician①"A well-trained force brings peace... which brings more time for training!"
Cenn's Tactician①The choke point was the plan, but devoted camaraderie was always her strategy.
Censorship①Editor's note: There were no suitable flavor text submissions for this card.
Censor①"Why so many questions?"↵-Temmet, vizier of Naktamun
Centaur Archer①"Centaurs will kill our Aesthir if they can; they've always been enemies. Destroy the horse-people on sight."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Centaur Archer①"Centaurs will kill our aesthir if they can; they've always been enemies. Destroy the horse-people on sight."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Centaur Battlemaster①"A herd is only as strong as its weakest. Our weakest just killed his third minotaur raider-today."↵-Braulios of Pheres Band
Centaur Courser①"The centaurs are truly free. Never will they be tamed by temptation or controlled by fear. They live in total harmony, a feat not yet achieved by our kind."↵-Ramal, sage of Westgate
Centaur Glade①The Mirari called to the centaurs, and all who heard it were forever changed.
Centaur Healer①Instructors at the Kasarna training grounds are capable healers in case their students fail to grasp the subtleties of combat.
Centaur Nurturer①"I call upon the vigor of the grasses, the hopes of the flowers, and the dreams of the trees."
Centaur Omenreader①The wisdom of the omenreaders is legendary. Creatures travel for miles through icy peril to seek their counsel.
Centaur Peacemaker①"Please accept this offering. I sincerely hope to leave my mace at my side."
Centaur Safeguard①Swift, strong, and selfless, the centaurs are the shields of the Conclave.
Centaur Veteran①He wears his scars like badges of honor, warning his foes that he's not easily defeated.
Centaur's Herald①The farther they go from Vitu-Ghazi, the less willing the crowd is to part for them.
Centrifuge①Originally, the rotors were used exclusively as particle accelerators for engine fuel, and they probably still should be.
Centrifuge①The back of each ticket features a map to the lost and found.
Cephalid Aristocrat①It's easy to tell the difference between the devious cephalids and the trustworthy ones. The trustworthy ones are dead.
Cephalid Broker①Cephalids value the free exchange of ideas-except for the "free" part.
Cephalid Constable①Cephalids don't police people. They police loyalties.
Cephalid Facetaker①Few think to look past a familiar face and a friendly smile.
Cephalid Inkshrouder①Cephalids shrink from the harsh glare of scrutiny.
Cephalid Looter①"Amazing, isn't it, what humans will throw away when they're drowning?"
Cephalid Pathmage①Pathmages can open doors that aren't even there.
Cephalid Retainer①Cephalids whisper flattery in your ear, put jewels in your hand, spin dreams in your head, and stick knives in your back.
Cephalid Scout①The more they survey the dreadful dry expanses, the more the cephalids thirst to tame them.
Cephalid Snitch①The cautious are wary of their enemies. The wise are also wary of their friends.
Cerebral Vortex①Izzet brains and Izzet boilers: contents under pressure.
Ceremonial Groundbreaker①Construction in New Capenna is imbued with tradition and ritual.
Ceremonial Guard①"These guards are the most disciplined military unit in the city. They couldn't fight their way out of a broom closet, but they've got discipline."↵-Gerrard, to Sisay
Ceremonious Rejection①The judges at the Fair are held in such high esteem that a nod of recognition can inspire an inventor for a lifetime-and a wave of dismissal can end a career.
Cerodon Yearling①The unit of measurement used to chart a cerodon's growth is "persons consumed."
Certain Death①Some spirits cling to one person, feasting on the growing fear until a final moment of all-consuming terror.
Cerulean Drake①Dragons avoid the bright colors of its wings.
Cerulean Sphinx①"About the sphinx, I have mixed feelings. Their wisdom I crave, but their secrecy I can't tolerate."↵-Szadek
Cerulean Wisps①"If you see ghostly lights by the river, eat three twigs of marshroot to ward off kelpies."↵-Kithkin superstition
Cerulean Wyvern①"Once, a Quirion asked why I was so cautious when the day was clear. I told him of the sky-blue hide of the cerluean wyvern, and he offered me double if I could conjure a strong tailwind!"↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Cessation①"The face of Light will shine upon them, and they will know war no more."↵-*Song of All*, canto 918
Ceta Disciple①"The sea holds all that you need. You simply must know how to ask for it."
Chain Devil①To these fiends, there's no symphony more beautiful than the melodies of rattling chains and ripping flesh.
Chain Reaction①"We train for the improbable, like lightning striking the same place twice, or striking everywhere at once."↵-Nundari, Sea Gate militia captain
Chain Stasis①"Here we go again."↵-Kakra, Sea Troll
Chain to Memory①Those who do not learn from their mistakes are bound to relive them.
Chainbreaker①Scarecrows deemed too malevolent to roam free are shackled to boulders or dolmen stones. Their animosity usually outlives the chains.
Chained Brute①A momentary lapse is all it needs to break free.
Chainer's Edict①The pits have their own form of mercy.
Chainwhip Cyclops①"You say this Tenth District, not Rubblebelt. But where smash happen, that Rubblebelt. Rubblebelt state of mind."↵-Urgdar, cyclops philosopher
Chalice of Death①The bitter taste of life's only certainty.
Chalice of Life①The sweet taste of hope's promise.
Challenger Troll①For most, war is a calamity. For some, an opportunity. And for the very few, a pleasure.
Chamber of Manipulation①Politics is just a subtle form of mind control-and cephalids are master politicians.
Chambered Nautilus①What's merely a home for the nautilus can become exquisite jewelry in the hands of Saprazzan artisans.
Chameleon Blur①"Sometimes the best plan is neither fighting nor running."↵-Freyalise
Champion Lancer①The flash of his lance projects the pure radiance of his honor.
Champion of Arashin①"The blood of Dromoka and the blood of my veins are the same."
Champion of Dusk①"Drench these golden streets in the blood of our enemies."
Champion of Rhonas①The only way to finish the Trial of Strength is with a basilisk scale in hand.
Champion of the Flame①Grand Warlord Radha's challengers are always defeated, but she rewards the most passionate with the Flame of Keld. After that, they burn for her.
Champion of the Parish①"I stand for every cobbler, tanner, and fool in this town-and they stand for me."
Champion of the Perished①He rose from the graf for every cobbler, tanner, and fool who'd been slaughtered in the parish-and they rose and shambled after him.
Champion's Drake①"'Fraid of heights? Ride a horse. 'Fraid of missing out? Rein up a drake."↵-Trinda, Hada spy patrol
Champion's Helm①Adi Thandray designed this helm as a tribute to his mentor, the great Daljit Gavaskar.
Chance Encounter①"What are the odds, indeed?"↵-Yusri, to Desera
Chance Encounter①The more unlikely the victory, the more memorable the success.
Chance for Glory①"It is not your time. The Legion still needs your blade."
Chandler①"Never brag about the latest wonder you've created, students. Chandler might be listening."↵-Reveka, Wizard Savant
Chandra's Defeat①"Fire? Is that your only trick, Chandra?"↵-Nicol Bolas
Chandra's Embercat①"Furballs? Try dealing with fireballs."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Chandra's Flame Wave①"It's high tide."
Chandra's Fury①"I asked if they wanted to do things the easy way. I meant easy for me."
Chandra's Fury①"They started it."
Chandra's Fury①www.MagicTheGathering.com
Chandra's Ignition①In the moment before her execution, she realized what it meant to be a pyromancer, to be alive, to be Chandra.
Chandra's Magmutt①"Is it purebred? No, but it's pure fire."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Chandra's Outrage①"Her mind is an incredible mix of emotion and power. Even if I could grasp it, I couldn't hold it for long."↵-Jace Beleren, on Chandra Nalaar
Chandra's Outrage①"There's plenty of fire to go around."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Chandra's Outrage①Chandra never believed in using her "inside voice."
Chandra's Pyreling①"I think Chandra just wanted something to blame random scorch marks on."↵-Jace Beleren
Chandra's Pyrohelix①"Now that I've dealt with your little toys, I can focus on the real problem: you."↵-Chandra Nalaar, to Dovin Baan
Chandra's Pyrohelix①"This one's for my mom, and this one's for me."
Chandra's Revolution①Chandra was driven by her anger, directed particularly at the man who had taken her father from her.
Chandra's Spitfire①"I've lit most everything on fire-trees, rocks, even the water. Now it's time to burn the clouds."
Chandra's Triumph①Her triumph came not from achieving her ideal self, but from rejecting the idea of perfection.
Chandra, Gremlin Wrangler①"Sure, I could set things on fire by myself. But teamwork can be fun, too."
Change of Fortune①"We cannot escape change, but with faith and fortitude, we can mold it to our liking."↵-Marel, Dawnhart witch
Changeling Outcast①A mercurial face sows distrust. Distrust reaps a lonely life.
Changeling Sentinel①There's nothing more unsettling than locking blades with something that looks just like you.
Channel the Suns①To some the birth of the fifth sun was a sign of doom. To others it was a sign of salvation. But to all it was a sign.
Channeled Force①Few monsters challenged Narset after they sensed her power.
Channel①"As long as you are breathing, you always have something more to give."↵-Valentin, Witherbloom dean
Channel①To some mages, the meaning of life is less important than how much is left.
Chant of the Skifsang①The skifsang, seafarers of Nephalia, craft spells like other sailors craft nets-making them strong enough to snare even the deadliest catch.
Chaos Confetti①And you thought that was just an urban legend.
Chaos Maw①The food chain doesn't end at sandwurms.
Chaos Terminator Lord①"Charge brothers! Death to the false Emperor!"
Chaos Warp①"Be careful when handling old magical trinkets. You never know who they've been."↵-Augusta, Lorehold dean
Chaos Warp①"Tzeentch cares not what they were or what they become. Only that they change."↵-Kairos Fateweaver
Chaos Warp①Confused but undeterred, the butterflies charged into battle.
Chaosphere①"I dance the nothing dance, / Feet in the air, knives in the ground."↵-Femeref chant
Chaotic Backlash①The concept of thoughtweft fascinates the Nighthearth cult. Imagine, bringing agony to an entire people by torturing just one.
Chapel Geist①Death has bound it with chains of past regrets. Forever it searches for atonement, each kindness removing a single link.
Chaplain's Blessing①"There was a time when the purpose of the church was to heal and protect. I would see that time return."
Char-Rumbler①Elementals flourished as Dominaria healed and new forms of life adapted to the land's reinfusion with mana.
Charcoal Diamond①Every facet a portent of Kelemvor's inevitable judgment.
Charcoal Diamond①The essence of night to harden the soul.
Chardalyn Dragon①First discovered in ancient Netheril, chardalyn stones absorb and hold magical energy, enabling constructs to be infused with fearsome power and unnatural malice.
Charge Through①"What a move! Lorehold gets caught flat-footed, and Witherbloom barrels ahead."↵-Cremik, Mage Tower commentator
Charge of the Forever-Beast①The Zagoth wetlands are fertilized by centuries of Brokkos's former challengers.
Charge①"Honor rides before us. All we have to do is catch up."↵-Danitha Capashen
Charging Badger①"If the hierarchies of nature were determined by ferocity alone, the badger would be lord of the beasts."↵-Anthousa of Setessa
Charging Bandits①The fear in their victims' eyes is their most cherished reward.
Charging Binox①Arena beasts are bred for flashiness and foul temper. An extra head addresses both requirements.
Charging Griffin①Four claws, two wings, one beak, no fear.
Charging Monstrosaur①"I knew I should have stayed with the boat. Always stay with the boat!"
Charging Paladin①"Hope shall be the blade that severs our bonds."
Charging Paladin①A true warrior's thoughts are of victory, not death.
Charging Rhino①"Is it wrong to go straight for what you want? Sneaking is for cats and goblins."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Charging Rhino①A rhino rarely uses its horn to announce its charge, only to end it.
Charging Rhino①The knights of Troinir Keep took the rhino as their emblem due to its intense focus when charging down a perceived threat-a trait they discovered on a hunting excursion.
Charging Slateback①Goblins prize its hide for building rock sled runners.
Charging Troll①They stop for nothing, not even the end of a battle.
Charging Tuskodon①It doesn't hold grudges. It runs them down and impales them.
Chariot of Victory①The greatest heroes are the first to stand, the first to take up arms, and the first to meet the enemy.
Chariot of the Sun①"Sun follows Moon until she tires, then carries her until she's strong / and runs ahead of him again."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Charismatic Vanguard①"This battlefield is an anvil, my mace a forging hammer . . . and you, Phyrexian scum, are the scrap metal that's about to be reshaped as I see fit."
Charisma①It was Gerrard's nature to lead and the Mercadians' to follow.
Charity Extractor①"War or no war, your donations are due, as always."
Charix, the Raging Isle①Zendikar's seas are deeper than anyone can fathom.
Charmed Griffin①Are you sure you can afford such a luxury?
Charmed Stray①"There's something peculiar about the cats today."↵-Janoc, Tin Street tinker
Charnelhoard Wurm①Jund's dragons hoard only sangrite crystals. Its wurms aren't so picky.
Chart a Course①While other pirates prowl for treasure, Captain Parrish plunders secrets.
Char①If you've never choked on the embers of your own spell, you aren't casting it hard enough.
Char①Izzet mages often acquire their magic reagents from dubious sources, so the potency of their spells is never predictable.
Chasm Drake①"Once he's got you, hold on. Fall from a drake and you'll suffer much worse than a bruise."↵-Garl, drake trainer
Chasm Guide①With a single act of bravery, she went from expendable to indispensable.
Chasm Skulker①Designed by Mike Neumann
Chastise①"Why do we pray to the Ancestor? Because She listens."↵-Mystic elder
Chatter of the Squirrel①Some rumors are just plain nuts.
Chatterstorm①"Friends, foragers, fuzzy fighters! Tonight we're after more than just acorns!"↵-Larrel, Deep Forest hermit
Cheap Ass①And you thought Yawgmoth drove a hard bargain.
Check for Traps①"Relax. I'm a professional."
Checkpoint Officer①After what he viewed as Lukka's shocking betrayal, General Kudro enacted stringent security measures at every entry point into Drannith.
Cheering Fanatic①"Punch 'em, kick 'em, bite 'em, beat 'em! Burn 'em all and we'll defeat 'em!"
Chef's Kiss①"Cooked to perfection, of course."
Chemister's Insight①"My specialty is theoretical universal limits and ways to circumvent them."
Cherished Hatchling①Despite its appearance, it's anything but defenseless.
Chicken Egg①"That's a lotta nuggets."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Chicken Troupe①Why did the chicken cross the park? To get to the other ride.
Chicken a la King①During the Chicken Revolution, the king managed to keep his head while the others-well, just ran around.
Chief Engineer①An eye for detail, a mind for numbers, a soul of clockwork.
Chief of the Edge①"We are the swift, the strong, the blade's sharp shriek! Fear nothing, and strike!"
Chief of the Foundry①The foundries of Kaladesh run like clockwork under the supervision of their formidable overseers.
Chief of the Scale①"We are the shield unbroken. If we fall today, we will die well, and our trees will bear our names in honor."
Chieftain en-Dal①The clearest commands are practical examples.
Child of Alara①The progeny of the Maelstrom shows no allegiance-and no mercy-to any of the five shards.
Child of Night①A vampire enacts vengeance on the entire world, claiming her debt two tiny pinpricks at a time.
Child of Night①No guilds-that is her rule. The House vampires unnerve her. The Combine would dissect her, the Legion burn her, the Conclave "cure" her. The shadows are all the family she needs.
Child of Night①Sins that would be too gruesome in the light of day are made more pleasing in the dark of night.
Child of Thorns①"The soratami scoff at the perils of Jukai, calling the forest an 'unruly garden.' Perhaps we should send them a rose such as this."↵-Dokai, Weaver of Life
Child of the Pack①Her face shines with youthful innocence.
Children of Korlis①"We have a proud history of self-sacrifice. But it is easy, in these bleak times, to find one among us who is eager to die for any cause."↵-Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Chill of Foreboding①"Wait . . . did you fellows hear something?"
Chill of the Grave①Frozen is frozen, whether it's with cold, terror, or both.
Chill to the Bone①"Thick hides and layered armor won't help when I freeze you from the inside out."↵-Heidar, Rimewind master
Chillbringer①If you can see your breath, it's too late to run.
Chillerpillar①From its cocoon, a flurry takes flight.
Chilling Apparition①Mortal minds shrivel at its touch.
Chilling Chronicle①But every story ended the same way: the countryside was captured in the icy grip of winter and darkened by eternal night.
Chilling Shade①Rimewind necromancers caught travelers in mystical blizzards then trapped their spirits in the mist of their final frozen breaths.
Chilling Trap①"Serves you right for rushing ahead."↵-Kaliea, Sea Gate trapfinder
Chill①"Temper, temper"↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Chill①"Temper, temper."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Chime of Night①Many sent to serve Davvol carried such instruments, as if to remind him who their true masters were.
Chimeric Coils①The energy that infuses the rings with life also melts them away, leaving only useless puddles of slag.
Chimeric Idol①After a chimeric idol attacked them, the Keldons smashed all unfamiliar statues.
Chimeric Staff①A snake in the grasp.
Chimeric Staff①The staff unraveled in a chaotic chorus of clanging, becoming an improbable beast of hissing blades.
Chitinous Cloak①"If we're going to survive, we have to use every tool at our disposal. Especially the disgusting ones."↵-Ryza, Oran-Rief scout
Chittering Doom①One fateful night, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, they rose.
Chittering Rats①Bottom feeders sometimes rise to the top.
Chivalrous Chevalier①"I treat every foe according to the highest codes of conduct. Then I kill them."
Cho-Arrim Bruiser①He doesn't know why the Cho-Arrim fight the Mercadians, but he's happy to bash heads for them anyway.
Cho-Manno, Revolutionary①"Mercadia's masks can no longer hide the truth. Our day has come at last."
Cho-Manno, Revolutionary①"Mercadia's masks can no longer hide the truth. Our day has come at last."↵-Cho-Manno
Choice of Damnations①"Life is a series of choices between bad and worse."↵-Toshiro Umezawa
Choked Estuary①Centuries' worth of black iron lie beneath the soil of every Imperial world, their civilization built on never-ending strife.
Choke①"One day we shall walk where once was water."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Choking Fumes①"Fall to your knees and welcome our embrace."↵-Qal-Sha, Priest of Norn
Choking Miasma①The Phyrexians were as surprised as anyone to discover they still needed to breathe.
Choking Sands①"The people wiped the sand from their eyes and cursed-and left the barren land to the hyenas and vipers."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Choking Tethers①A wizard can be outnumbered but never outsmarted.
Choose Your Champion①"It seems the fate of the world rests on your shoulders, feeble child."
Choose Your Weapon①"Move it, Varis, or I'll pick one for you!"↵-Ellywick Tumblestrum
Chop Down①"What size advantage? They never even see me coming."
Chorus of Might①"In each of us is the strength of all of us."↵-Trostani
Chorus of Woe①When nightstalkers sing, nothing in creation sleeps.
Chorus of the Conclave①"We are many, yet one. We are separate in body, yet speak with a single voice. Join us in our chorus."
Chosen by Heliod①"Training and studies aid a soldier in meager amounts. The gods do the rest."↵-Brigone, soldier of Meletis
Chosen of Markov①"I have been found worthy by this great house . . ."
Chromatic Lantern①By guild tradition, any puddle of multicolored light on the cobblestones can serve as neutral ground.
Chromatic Lantern①Dimir mages put the lanterns to good use, creating shapeshifters and sleeper agents from mana foreign to them.
Chromatic Lantern①It exemplifies the motto of the Luminary League: "Innovation requires insatiable curiosity and a good source of light."
Chromatic Lantern①The shamans' souls were drawn to the astral lantern like moths to a kaleidoscopic flame.
Chromatic Lantern①Used carefully, material has been exposed to the baleful energies of the Warp can be contained to fuel powerful rituals.
Chromatic Orrery①Visitors marvel at its design, unaware of the other world that inspired it.
Chromatic Sphere①"As expected, this sphere's design reflects the colors of the four moons . . . plus another?"↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Chromatic Sphere①"Let insight and energy be your guides."↵-The Blind Seer, to Gerrard
Chromatic Star①"This item is not from . . . now. It reflects a sky no longer ours and gleams with hope that does not exist."↵-Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Chromatic Star①"This item is not from … now. It reflects a sky no longer ours and gleams with hope that does not exist."↵-Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Chrome Cat①"I always say, 'If it's breathing, it's lying.' Luckily my friend here does neither."↵-Lord Xander
Chrome Replicator①Who would you trust to watch your back more than yourself?
Chrome Steed①According to Auriok myth, it collects scrap in order to reassemble its lost rider.
Chronatog①For the chronatog, there is no meal like the present.
Chronic Flooding①With the Izzet occupied elsewhere, many of their public works fell into disrepair.
Chronicler of Heroes①She paints pictures with words, though not all pictures show the truth.
Chronomaton①On the third night, the villagers destroyed their clocks. The sounds of whirring gears and chiming metal held only dread for them.
Chronosavant①"In my dreams, I hear the voices of my future selves who have died in times yet to come. I use that knowledge to avoid those dark futures and continue my search for peace."
Chronostutter①Timing is everything.
Chub Toad①"Chub toad, chub toad At the door. Run away quick Or you'll run no more."↵-Traditional children's rhyme
Chub Toad①Chub Toad, Chub Toad↵At the door.↵Run away quick↵Or you'll run no more.↵-Traditional children's rhyme
Chub Toad①Chub toad, chub toad At the door. Run away quick Or you'll run no more.↵-Traditional children's rhyme
Churning Eddy①"Magic is like the tide-both ebb, both flow, and both serve my whims."↵-Empress Llawan
Cinder Barrens①"Burn their fleet to the waterline, and sink whatever's left."↵-Angrath
Cinder Barrens①"I do as I choose with what is mine. And it is all mine."↵-Nicol Bolas
Cinder Barrens①A mudflow swallowed the lowlands years ago. All that remains are a bottomless mire and an endless rain of ash.
Cinder Crawler①The crawler doesn't care what gets in its way. It pushes everything into the boiling muck and waits for the meal to cook.
Cinder Elemental①"The old gods awoke and sent fingers of fire to see what was left of the old ways under the endless city."↵-Daiva, Gruul storyteller
Cinder Elemental①Their rage can grow to such proportions that they explode in a cloud of fire.
Cinder Giant①"The giant wept tears of embers for the deaths of his allies."↵-Azeworai, "The Lonely Giant"
Cinder Glade①All orbital bombardment did was till the soil.
Cinder Glade①On the volcanic continent of Akoum, bizarre vegetation clusters around gas vents, and jagged mountain peaks rise high into the air.
Cinder Hellion①Chandra used jets of flame to lure hellions into the path of oncoming Eldrazi.
Cinder Pyromancer①"If the whole world burns, I'll never grow cold."
Cinder Storm①Any pyromancer can summon fire with a thought. The trick is putting it out.
Cinder Storm①When the sky's rain has turned to fire, what will put it out?
Cinder Wall①"Easy. All ya gotta do is push somebody into it."↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand, scouting report
Cinder Wall①"The smell of roasted flesh hung over the valley for hours."↵-Onean sergeant
Cinderbones①Not all coals lie quietly in their beds of cold ash.
Cinderclasm①Every inferno begins with a spark.
Cinderhaze Wretch①Thick smoke billows and twists to form disturbing faces that cackle and click their teeth to the popping embers.
Cinderheart Giant①What fire giants lack in arcane prowess, they make up for with reckless, explosive rage.
Cipherbound Spirit①Rather than consort with demons, the Quietus Cult seeks wisdom from the dead.
Circle of Despair①"Life is a resource that should belong only to the strong."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Circle of Dreams Druid①The realms protected by druids of the Circle of Dreams are gleaming, fruitful places, where dream and reality blur together and the weary can find rest.
Circle of Elders①They whisper of an ancient hero who saved the dragons of their world.
Circle of Flame①"Which do you think is a better deterrent: a moat of water or one of fire?"↵-Chandra Nalaar
Circle of Protection: Artifacts①"Memnarch shall rage against us. We shall endure."
Circle of the Moon Druid①Druids of the Circle of the Moon are fierce guardians of nature who haunt the deepest parts of the wilderness.
Circuit Mender①Inspired by industrious silkworms, its maker crafted it to restore the broken pieces of the world.
Circuitous Route①"The shortest path between two points is not always the safest."↵-Tamina, district guide
Circuits Act①Another day, another item Pietra has to add to the "do not juggle" database.
Citadel Castellan①"I am the first line of defense. You will not encounter the second."
Citadel Gate①A beacon of order and safety, for those who can afford it.
Citadel of Pain①"Battle is our religion. This fortress is our temple."↵-Latulla, Keldon overseer
Citanul Druid①Driven mad by the fall of Argoth, the Citanul Druids found peace only in battle.
Citanul Flute①Each note of the flute mimics the call of a different beast.
Citanul Hierophants①From deep in the caves beneath the forest, the hierophants planned the druids' raids against the enemy.
Citanul Woodreaders①They seek out living trees to glean age-old secrets from sap and wood.
Citizen's Arrest①"What lurks behind the faces of those you think you can trust?"
City of Ass①"But . . ."
City of Brass①"Enter this palace-gate and ask the news Of greatness fallen into dust and clay."↵-*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Burton
City of Brass①"Enter this palace-gate and ask the news↵Of greatness fallen into dust and clay."↵-*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Burton
City of Brass①"There is much to learn here, but few can endure the ringing of the spires."↵-Nulakam the Archivist
City of Brass①To walk its streets is to burn in its beauty.
City of Solitude①"My horizon was the arcing petals, my new home resplendent with spires of weeds and pillows of fragrant pollen."↵-Naimah, Femeref philosopher
City of Traitors①"While we fought, the *il* surrendered."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
City of Traitors①"While we fought, the il surrendered."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
City of Traitors①2019 North America Legacy Champion
Citywatch Sphinx①All those who trade in questions must answer to the Dimir.
Citywide Bust①"Oh, you fellas are going to love the lockup. Excellent gruel. Very low ceilings."↵-Libuse, Boros sergeant
Civic Gardener①"I've told you knuckleheads a hundred times: You can kill 'em here, but bury the bodies somewhere else. If you disturb my prized azaleas again, you'd better dig a second hole for yourself!"
Civic Guildmage①To condemn the innocent you must first condemn yourself.↵-Civic Guild maxim
Civic Saber①Those without a guild signet often display a different form of protection.
Civic Stalwart①"These are your streets. Defend them! This is your neighborhood. Honor it! This is your city. Save it!"
Civic Wayfinder①"These alleys are not safe. Come, I can guide you back to the market square."
Civil Servant①"Together we can build a safer, brighter New Capenna!"
Civilized Scholar①"Me, angry? Of course not. Thanks to my research, I'm above such petty emotions now."
Claim of Erebos①Priests of Erebos give an occasional reminder to mortals who have forgotten their mortality.
Claim the Firstborn①"The deal was struck and the favor had been done. And so, under the cover of night, the debt was paid."↵-*Tales of the Fae*
Claim the Firstborn①"Will! They have a copy of *Tales of the Fae* here! Want me to read you a bedtime story?"↵-Rowan Kenrith
Claire D'Loon, Joy Sculptor①She'll sculpt goblins, saprolings, Marit Lage . . . though that one takes a *lot* of balloons.
Clairvoyance①"As we followed the ice wall, we had the distinct feeling of being watched. Many of the party wanted to turn back."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Clam Session①"Duke, Duke, Duke, Duke of Pearl . . . ."
Clam-I-Am①The Clams down in Clamville↵All scootered and skittled-↵"The three is no more!"↵The Clam fiddler fiddled.
Clamavus①"The star-born approach! Their holy angels descend! Take up arms, my brothers and sisters, for the Day of Ascension is upon us!"
Clambassadors①"Sorry we shelled your village-here's some gold."
Clamor Shaman①"Little goblin. Big noise."↵-Ruric Thar
Clan Crafter①Trained by a dwarven master, you see the potential in every scrap of metal.
Clarion Cathars①The sound of the trumpet is both warning and comfort: it tells of approaching danger but also reminds the village folk that someone is there to stand against it.
Clarion Spirit①To the living, the horn sounds faint and mournful, but to the spirits of Istfell, it is a thunderous call that must be obeyed.
Clarion Ultimatum①Be worthy of a single blessing, and many more will follow.
Clash of Titans①"Let the brutes fight. If they kill each other, we lose no more soldiers today."↵-Orthion, Lavabrink captain
Clash of Wills①"The mind of an Eldrazi is a puzzle that can never be solved. The trick is to make sure a piece goes missing."↵-Jace Beleren
Clash of Wills①Alhammarret rose to his feet, and the full force of his mind hit Jace like a storm front.
Clattering Skeletons①Those who die in the dungeon become its guardians.
Claustrophobia①Six feet of earth muffled his cries.
Clawing Torment①A kami's anger never fades, never sleeps, never loosens its grasp.
Claws of Gix①When the Brotherhood of Gix dug out the cave of Koilos they found their master's severed hand. They enshrined it, hoping that one day it would point the way to Phyrexia.
Claws of Valakut①"Swords may sunder. Shields may fail. My will is stronger than steel, and my flesh and bone far more deadly."
Claws of Wirewood①They say the forest has eyes. They never mention its claws.
Clay Statue①Tawnos won fame as Urza's greatest assistant. After he created these warriors, Urza ended his apprenticeship, promoting him directly to the rank of master.
Cleanfall①During the war, the rites of purification were still effective, but the kami, not the kitsune, chose what to cleanse.
Cleanse①The clouds broke and the sun's rays burst forth; each foul beast in its turn faltered, and was gone.
Cleansing Beam①"Justice is toothless without punishment. Righteousness cannot succeed without the suffering of the guilty."↵-Razia
Cleansing Beam①"Justice is toothless without punishment. Righteousness cannot succeed without the suffering of the guilty."↵-Razia, Boros archangel
Cleansing Nova①In their final moments, the demons gazed upon grace in its purest form.
Cleansing Ray①"The sun creates, sustains, and consumes so it can create again."↵-Caparocti Sunborn
Cleansing Screech①"Crackle" and "pop" are the most wondrous sounds.
Cleansing Wildfire①Every rebirth looks like a death.
Clear Shot①"What worked to bring down angels will do the same for these horrors."↵-Rem Karolus, Slayer of Eldrazi
Clear Shot①As werewolf attacks increased, brutal weapons not seen since the Travails were dusted off and put to work.
Clear a Path①"Why do guards always look surprised when we bash them?" asked Ruric. "I think they expect a bribe," said Thar.
Clear the Mind①"The best way to keep a secret is to forget it."↵-Lazav
Clear the Stage①"Make way! It's time for the final act!"
Clearwater Pathway①"Just when the river seems most peaceful, suddenly you round a bend and hurtle down a waterfall."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Cleaver Riot①Measure once, cut twice.
Cleaver Skaab①Furious and unable to separate, the bitter rivals consoled themselves by splitting everything else they saw in half.
Cleaving Reaper①"I won't pollute my blade with your blood, demon. You'll die by your own axe!"
Cleaving Sliver①When it wriggled closer to a thrum of slivers, their talons hardened and glinted in the sun. One took a playful swipe at a tree trunk, and its new blade cut clean through.
Clergy en-Vec①"Faith's shield is hammered out by the blows of unbelievers."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Cleric of Chill Depths①"Before my people turned to false gods, we built a glittering city beneath the northern sea ice. The magic of ancient Benthidrix lives in me!"
Cleric of Life's Bond①"No gods. Only each other."
Cleric of the Forward Order①War after war, a healer's enemy is always the same-death itself.
Clever Combo①At Crossbreed Labs, "heads or tails" has nothing to do with coins.
Clever Conjurer①"I'm always happy to lend a hand!"
Clever Distraction①"Me neither."
Clever Impersonator①"Our own selves are the greatest obstacles to enlightenment."↵-Narset, khan of the Jeskai
Clever Lumimancer①"You're too dim to realize it, but you've already lost."
Clickslither①The least popular goblins get the outer caves.
Cliff Threader①"The crossing demands singular focus. Your life consists of these ropes, these hooks, and these rocky crags. Your past is miles below."
Cliffgate①A partition between the hopeless living and the restless dead.
Cliffhaven Kitesail①Made from canvas, wood, and hope.
Cliffhaven Sell-Sword①"I swing a sword. It's a simple life. A lot of adventurers just see me as some cheap muscle, but if my steel lets them return home with their lives and limbs intact, then I've done my job."
Cliffhaven Vampire①"My people are no longer slaves to the Eldrazi, beholden to the past. We will determine our own future."
Cliffrunner Behemoth①It's revered for its power, celebrated for its grace, and feared for the avalanches triggered by its thunderous feet.
Cliffside Lookout①Though losses run high among the scouts of the Stone Havens, they never flinch from their duty.
Cliffside Rescuer①"Keep going! I'll buy you time!"
Clifftop Retreat①The sunlight falls pristine on the temple at Epityr, softened by the remembered shadows of angelic saviors' wings.
Clifftop Retreat①Where cathars learn to fight not only demons and vampires, but ignorance as well.
Cling to Dust①In bleak Tizerus, all hope crumbles in your grasp.
Clinging Darkness①There's an experience worse than blindness-it's the certainty that your vision is perfect and the horror that there's no world around you to see.
Clip Wings①It is a grim duty to save the world from those created to protect it.
Cloak of Feathers①A thousand feathers from a thousand birds, sewn with magic and song.
Cloak of Invisibility①"Useful . . . if you can find it."↵-Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Cloak of Mists①"All we could lose, we did. All we could keep, we do. And both are shrouded by mists."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Cloak of Mists①Mystery lies beneath the haunting mists. Never stay where obscurity deepens.
Cloak of the Bat①"How about the power of silent flight? Does that suit your needs, cutthroat?"↵-Rivalen Blackhand, proprietor of Sorcerous Sundries
Cloaked Siren①"That is not the voice of the wind singing on the stones."↵-Callaphe the mariner
Cloakwood Hermit①You've always preferred the company of animals to people.
Cloakwood Swarmkeeper①When he's threatened, the forest buzzes and the air hums with dragonfly wings.
Clock of DOOOOOOOOOOOOM!①"Perhaps you believe, even in these final moments, that you will be saved. But doom has no snooze button, you fools!"↵-Baron Von Count
Clock of Omens①Most clocks measure time, but a few measure everything.
Clock of Omens①Those near the clock don't hear it anymore, but their every movement is in time with its ticking.
Clockwork Drawbridge①Argivia's clockwork fortifications are the stuff of legend, reminding all on Dominaria that ingenuity has saved them before and can do so again.
Clockwork Fox①"It might just be my greatest invention yet: A lovable pet that *decreases* the need for chores!"↵-Jan Jansen
Clockwork Gnomes①"Until I came to the Floating Isle, I never had to oil the servants."↵-Baki, Wizard Attendant
Clockwork Gnomes①"Until I came to the Floating Isle, I never had to oil the servants."↵-Baki, wizard attendant
Clockwork Servant①Some are annoyed by the constant ticking as they clean the cobbles, but to the castle custodians, there's no sweeter sound.
Cloistered Youth①"I heard her talking in her sleep-pleading, shrieking, snarling. It was not my daughter's voice. That is not my daughter."↵-Ekatrin, elder of Hanweir
Clone Legion①Their lust for battle was so great that they didn't care their enemies wore their own faces.
Clone①He knows your strengths, your weaknesses, and the shape of that unfortunate birthmark on your backside.
Clone①One face, two minds.
Clone①The shapeshifter mimics with a twin's esteem and a mirror's cruelty.
Close Quarters①The Mercadians' ineptitude in close combat sometimes accidentally pays off.
Closing Statement①"In conclusion . . ."
Clot Sliver①"One would think I would be accustomed to unexpected returns."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Cloud Crusader①Each crusader bonds with a griffin fledgling while still a child, and the two grow up as siblings.
Cloud Djinn①As elusive as the footprint of a djinn↵-Suq'Ata expression
Cloud Elemental①"The sky teems with just as much life as the forest or the deep seas."↵-Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Cloud Elemental①"You know you've angered the gods when the clouds turn against you."↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Cloud Elemental①The soratami surround their sky-castles with living clouds that serve as both sword and shield.
Cloud Key①The musical sound of its turning triggers the tumblers of revelation.
Cloud Manta①When Emeria's worshippers learned that she was no more than a twisted memory of Emrakul, they abandoned their temples to the god. The deserted shrines now serve as breeding grounds for the mantas.
Cloud Spirit①Clouds are the soil, dreams are the crop.↵-Kor saying
Cloud Sprite①The delicate sprites carry messages for Saprazzans, but they refuse to land in Mercadia City's filthy markets.
Cloudblazer①All the aether charts in the world can't compete with the trained eye of a talented scout.
Cloudchaser Eagle①Most eagles hunt small animals. The cloudchasers hunt magic.
Cloudchaser Eagle①When the eagle catches a cloud, it tears it into strips that fall to earth.↵-Vec myth of the rains
Cloudcrown Oak①"Clever folk build their homes near cloudcrowns. If a hawk or even just a faerie tries to swoop in, it'll get swatted from here to Cloverdell."↵-Calydd, kithkin farmer
Cloudheath Drake①A permanent storm rages over the plain of Cloudheath, and drakes ride its currents-two reminders that some elements of Esper will not be controlled.
Cloudkill①As the acrid fumes drifted through the Lower City, even the vermin ceased to stir.
Cloudkin Seer①"I can see which way the wind is blowing."
Cloudpost①"He watches from above. He watches from below. He watches from within."↵-Inscription on Tel-Jilad, the Tree of Tales
Cloudreach Cavalry①"It's easy to lose sight of hope until you gaze out from my vantage point."
Cloudshift①"Even storm clouds bow to worship Avacyn."↵-Elder Rimheit
Cloudshredder Sliver①Forked tails rustled. Talons clicked. A lone sliver streaked overhead like jagged lightning, and the hive thundered.
Cloudstone Curio①It *wants* to remain a mystery, banishing the curious in favor of less inquisitive company.
Cloudstone Curio①With innovative stabilizing techniques, Suja Pavani brings this piece of the sky itself to the Inventors' Fair.
Cloven Casting①"Let us flee to the deep jungle. Our city is no longer safe-and I suspect neither is the fallback retreat."
Clown Car①It runs on laughing gas.
Clown Extruder①"CONGRATULATIONS. IT IS A CLOWN."
Clown Extruder①One day, it will produce a clown that can itself produce a clown. Until that day, it will not rest.
Clown Extruder①Pietra's Mirthing Pod boasts an output that's hilarious and impressive-a real laugh a minute.
Clown Extruder①The sound it makes is indescribable and unsettling, but it does make a great clown.
Clowning Around①The Astrotorium's Clown-Bots are programmed to delight attendees by any means necessary.
Clutch of Undeath①The hand of death recognizes its own.
Coal Golem①"Three such creatures stood burning at the crest of the hill. Only seconds later, the Fireball struck our front line." -Lydia, Countess Brellis
Coal Golem①"Three such creatures stood burning at the crest of the hill. Only seconds later, the fireball struck our front line."↵-Lydia, Countess Brellis
Coal Stoker①"The day is mine! I sent three such creatures against my foe, then watched as my magefire popped her soldiers like overripe spleenfruits."↵-Dobruk the Unstable, pyromancer
Coalhauler Swine①Nothing stops industry in Ravnica-certainly not the safety of its workers.
Coalition Honor Guard①Giving little thought to their own defense, they carried the flag that united their army.
Coalition Victory①"You can build a perfect machine out of imperfect parts."↵-Urza
Coalition Warbrute①Anger is his greatest weapon, and he sharpens it daily.
Coast Watcher①The aven came to fear the forest's clawing branches, but the watchers quickly renewed their courage.
Coastal Breach①The sea filled the villagers' nets until the day it cast its own.
Coastal Drake①When the kavu emerged from their ancient nests, food chains long dormant became vibrant again.
Coastal Hornclaw①Jamuraan farmers fear three things above all else: droughts, floods, and hornclaws.
Coastal Piracy①"I don't like to think of myself as a pirate. I'm more like a stimulator of the local economy."
Coastal Tower①A beacon in the night, a dream in the fog.
Coastal Tower①The Capashen built the highest towers in Benalia to afford themselves the best view.
Coastline Chimera①Seeing a chimera overhead foretells good fortune, but only because seeing one any closer foretells dismemberment.
Coat of Arms①"Hup, two, three, four,↵Dunno how to count no more."
Coat of Arms①"Hup, two, three, four,↵Dunno how to count no more."↵-Mogg march
Coat of Arms①A banner for bonds of blood or belief.
Coat with Venom①"Every Silumgar blade carries the blessing of our dragonlord."↵-Xathi the Infallible
Coax from the Blind Eternities①At Nahiri's call, Emrakul traversed the vast emptiness between the planes and arrived on Innistrad.
Cobalt Golem①Centuries before the first tides of the Quicksilver Sea rose to meet each new sun, Mirrodin's light shone on the golems alone.
Cobblebrute①Ravnica's most ancient streets take on a life of their own. A few have decided to move to nicer neighborhoods.
Cobblebrute①The most ancient streets take on a life of their own. A few have decided to move to nicer neighborhoods.
Cobbled Lancer①"Don't worry everyone-I hear hoofbeats! The Gavony Riders are coming to save us!"↵-Adin, Moorland villager
Cobbled Wings①Flotsam held together by optimism.
Cobbled Wings①For the necro-alchemist, any puzzle can be solved with intelligence and harvested body parts.
Codespell Cleric①"Today we are not Beskir or Tuskeri. We must fight as one clan, shoulder to shoulder, to defend our rightful home!"
Coerced Confession①"Ask the right questions in the right way and truth is inevitable."↵-Lazav
Coercion①"Human tenderness is simply weakness in a pretty package."
Coercion①"Human tenderness is simply weakness in a pretty package."↵-Tojira, swamp queen
Coercion①"Of all I that I have lost, I miss my mind the most."
Coercion①"There's very little that escapes me, Greven. And you will escape very little if you fail."↵-Volrath
Coercion①A rhino's bargain↵-Femeref expression meaning "a situation with no choices"
Coercion①Though he held the title of prime minister, Cao Cao used the emperor's name to exert his own influence on the empire.
Coercive Recruiter①"Choose, vampire: our hat on your head, or no hat, no head."
Coffin Puppets①The ground won't accept them.
Cogmentor①"Cogs on cats / Cogs on dogs / Cogs on hats / And cogs on cogs."↵-*Song of the Cogmentor*
Cogwork Archivist①"It's the largest library in the Multiverse. Of course it has the largest librarians."↵-Kasmina
Cogwork Assembler①Duplication is neither thievery nor flattery. It is efficiency.
Cogwork Librarian①Why wait for answers?
Cogwork Spy①Paliano's creations provide ample opportunities to plot the downfall of a neighbor.
Coiled Tinviper①The bite of the tinviper feels most like a razor drawn across the tongue.
Coiling Oracle①"Nature was slowly heading in the right direction, but we know how to achieve faster results."↵-Vorel of the Hull Clade
Coiling Oracle①Members of the Simic Combine adapt themselves to suit whatever role they feel drawn to.
Coiling Oracle①Snaking remnants of nature directed by a body of thought and progress, the oracles embody all that is Simic.
Coiling Woodworm①Only the elves know where the woods end and the woodworm begins.
Coils of the Medusa①Serpentine locks shape ornate rocks.
Cold Snap①Who knows from whence the winter comes?
Cold-Eyed Selkie①She follows the old tributaries built when merrows still shaped the tides.
Cold-Water Snapper①For generations, the inhabitants of Orvada have hungered for turtle soup. For generations, the turtles have frustrated their ambitions.
Coldsteel Heart①The Phyrexian death machine awoke, its coldsteel heart imbuing it with sinister new power.
Colfenor, the Last Yew①"To reach my age, you must know when to bend with the winds and when to stand tall."
Collar the Culprit①"Reports of Gruul rioters in four districts. Start with the big ones and work your way up."↵-Libuse, Boros sergeant
Collateral Damage①It is much easier to create fire than to contain it.
Collected Company①Many can stand where one would fall.
Collective Blessing①Senators of Azorius often hired agents to spy on the Selesnya. They were told to record every spore and root they saw, as each could become a deadly foe.
Collective Unconscious①"The beasts of the wild are my senses. It is through their eyes that all knowledge shall come to me."
Collective Unconscious①Gerrard knew little of Ramos, the sky god they worshiped. But he felt the power of the chant.
Collector Ouphe①"He steals power from treasure after treasure, and what does it do for the ouphe? Nothing."↵-Jhoira
Collector Ouphe①"So this orb I got back at Spherecon 1993. It looks a lot like the '94 version but it's actually rounder."
Collector Protector①"Here-have a Mudhole."
Colorful Feiyi Sparrow①These nimble sparrows, not often seen, delight in tricking the pangolins that wander the forest.
Colos Yearling①A steed grows with its rider.
Colossal Badger①Rip through enough dirt and you'll eventually find something edible.
Colossal Dreadmaw①"Remember when it was the most terrifying thing you'd ever seen?"↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Colossal Dreadmaw①If you feel the ground quake, run. If you hear its bellow, flee. If you see its teeth, it's too late.
Colossal Majesty①"Might doesn't just build empires. It protects them."↵-Inti, Sun Empire knight
Colossal Might①"Never corner a barbarian. You become the path of least resistance."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Colossapede①"If it is bigger, you must be faster. If it is stronger, you must be sharper. Anything less, and you will never seize a place in our God-Pharaoh's perfect afterlife."↵-Rhonas, god of strength
Colossification①"Talk later. Row now!"
Colossification①"Turns out the case of the flattened outpost and the case of the missing kitten *were* related."↵-Endris, Drannith magistrate
Colossodon Yearling①The colossodon's hard outer shell stops many predators, but with a gentle flip from a dragon, it quickly becomes a meal in a bowl.
Colossus Hammer①"There's only one way to be sure it's really dead."
Colossus of Sardia①Buried under a thin layer of dirt, it was known for centuries as Mount Sardia.
Colossus of Sardia①From the Sardian mountains wakes ancient doom: / Warrior born from a rocky womb.
Colossus of Sardia①From the Sardian mountains wakes ancient doom: Warrior born from a rocky womb.
Coma Veil①Etherium does not know sleep. Only magic can teach it the resting state of cold steel.
Combat Medic①"Although Icatia's Combat Medics borrowed much of their knowledge from other societies, their skills were their own."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Combat Medic①"Time enough to become a Medic once you're hurt too badly to fight. For now, Icatia needs your strength more than your compassion."↵-Lydia Wynforth, Mayor of Trokair
Combat Medic①"We'd no sooner knock 'em back on their heels than that accursed sawbones would show up and patch 'em back together again."↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Combat Medic①"Without Combat Medics, Icatia would probably not have withstood the forces of chaos as long as it did."↵-*Sarpadian Empires*, vol. VI
Combat Medic①"Without Combat Medics, Icatia would probably not have withstood the forces of chaos as long as it did."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Combat Medic①"Without combat medics, Icatia would probably not have withstood the forces of chaos as long as it did."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Combat Professor①"Before Yovus was cut down at Pranticle Peak, she performed which maneuver? Anyone? From the reading?"
Combine Chrysalis①"What do you want to be, now that you're grown up?"↵-Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Combine Chrysalis①Action: Please design a Simic device that turns smaller creatures into big flying beasts.
Combo Attack①Success at Valor's Reach requires not only individual skill but also the ability to merge that skill with a partner's.
Coming Attraction①The Astrotorium adds new attractions almost as fast as Captain Nebula can crash them into asteroids.
Command Beacon①"I gazed once into that light. Now it burns in my mind, forever denying me rest."↵-Riku of Two Reflections
Command Tower①"Absolute power is the only true authority. Anything less is a lie told by the weak."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Command Tower①"Approach my tower on bended knee or depart from it as ash upon the wind."↵-Gadwick, the Wizened
Command Tower①"It's a bit much, I know, but it reminds my visitors who really holds the power here."↵-Davriel Cane
Command Tower①"The war will be decided here, where the planet's defenses are strongest."↵-Marneus Calgar
Command Tower①Durlag's Tower is filled with enough treasure to last a lifetime, and enough traps to drastically shorten that lifetime.
Command Tower①In the late stages of Tyranid invasion, vast capillary towers funnel biomass to the Hive Ships waiting in orbit.
Command Tower①On the Planet of Sorcerers in the Eye of Terror lies the Tower of the Cyclops, the redoubt of Magnus the Red.
Command Tower①There is a place apart from this world, a rift where pretense falls away and champions find their glory.
Command Tower①What did you do to the Zero Point?
Command Tower①When defeat is near and guidance is scarce, all eyes look in one direction.
Command the Dreadhorde①Liliana seized the reins of Bolas's vast army, gritting her teeth behind the Chain Veil.
Command the Storm①In the wake of Niv-Mizzet's disappearance, Ral found himself leading the guild. He had dreamed of this day, but couldn't help feeling like a pawn in someone else's game.
Commander Eesha①"War glides on the simplest updrafts while peace struggles against hurricane winds. It is the way of the world. It must change."
Commander Greven il-Vec①"Rage is the only freedom left me."↵-Greven *il*-Vec
Commander Greven il-Vec①"Rage is the only freedom left to me."
Commander Liara Portyr①"It's a ghoul-eat-you world out there. Follow my orders if you want to survive."
Commander's Authority①"Wear her symbol with honor, a sign of faith upheld and honest deeds bravely done."
Commander's Insight①No amount of solitary studying can replace a master's tutelage.
Commander's Insignia①At the general's triumphant return, renewed strength surged through the soldiers' ranks.
Commander's Plate①Not all beautiful things are fragile.
Commander's Sphere①"The fate of one is shared by all."
Commander's Sphere①"The heavens augur weal . . . for me. Woe for you."
Commander's Sphere①"This cogitator provides a strategic overview of the battlefield. By which I mean, of course, the entire planet."
Commander's Sphere①Clutching the orb it found in the lake, the frog let out a croak of enlightenment.
Commander's Sphere①It harmonizes with the essence of its master.
Commander's Sphere①The arcane sphere that hovers near Magnus's staff imbues it with the power to transform enemies into mindless chaos spawn.
Commander's Sphere①Within it rests the power of a sun, and none of the warmth.
Commanding Presence①"In every one of you I see a hero's heart."
Commence the Endgame①"Even gods shall kneel."↵-Nicol Bolas
Commencement of Festivities①Never before have there been so many brilliant minds and wondrous inventions in one place. Denizens from every corner of Kaladesh will flock to the once-in-a-lifetime Inventors' Fair.
Common Bond①Wolf riders hone their skills traversing the perilous rooftops, each dizzying step bringing elf and wolf closer together.
Common Cause①Mercadia City's troops are at their best when they have no enemy to fight.
Common Courtesy①"You didn't say the Magic word."
Commune with Lava①Atarka conquered Qadat, the Fire Rim, long ago, winning over its efreet with a promise to spread the glory of fire to all the world.
Commune with Spirits①The kami of Jukai Forest accept only the most respectful petitioners.
Commune with the Gods①For the first time in many years, Elspeth asked for help.
Companion of the Trials①"The fiercest loyalties are earned in battle."↵-Gideon Jura
Comparative Analysis①"Our time grows short. If we wish to vanquish the Eldrazi, we must unlock the hedrons' secrets."↵-Jace Beleren
Compelled Duel①"You might be four times my size, but I will not be ignored!"
Compelling Argument①"How can there be doubt in the presence of such blessings?"↵-Ukhat, vizier of initiation
Compelling Deterrence①"So much for neighborly hospitality!"
Complaints Clerk①The longest lines in the park.
Complete Disregard①"We returned to the field and found poor Len, every detail of his final moment perfectly cast in that awful dust."↵-Javad Nasrin, outrider captain
Complex Automaton①"This wasteful design cannot possibly be Phyrexian."↵-Belbe
Component Collector①"Keep master busy with new bits or else maybe she wonders if I'm made of bits too."
Composite Golem①An artificer's experiment in cross-material engineering found its own purpose as an interpreter between cultures.
Composite Golem①It binds the five suns in human form.
Compost①"The dead ones joined Tocatztli, the seven-legged, each bloom becoming a star in the night sky."↵-*The Song of Origins*
Compost①A fruit must rot before its seed can sprout.↵-Yavimaya saying
Compulsive Research①"Every Planeswalker remembers the first time their mind touched the staggering vastness of the Multiverse."↵-Kasmina
Compulsive Research①"Four parts molten bronze, yes . . . one part frozen mercury, yes, yes . . . but then what?"
Compulsive Research①"Four parts molten bronze, yes … one part frozen mercury, yes, yes … but then what?"
Compulsory Rest①The pain of death is nothing compared to the pain of failure.
Concealed Courtyard①Where high society and dark opportunity intersect.
Concealing Curtains①Specifics were kept secret, but word quickly spread that the show was a must-see.
Concentrate①"The treasure in my mind is greater than any worldly glory."
Concerted Defense①"You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us!"
Concession Stand①"Days since last atomic ketchup explosion: 1."↵-Kitchen safety notice
Concession Stand①Eating here is always a concession.
Concession Stand①Now serving Basri Kettle Corn, Taco Bolas, Karn Dogs, Koth of the Hamburger, Dovin Baan Mi, Oko Cola, Frozen Tamiyogurt, and more!
Concession Stand①The Astrotorium offers fine dining at establishments such as Time Wok and Grilliana's.
Conch Horn①Even the most skilled of modern mages only partially understand the Conch Horn's awesome powers.
Conclave Cavalier①"Just as leaves fall and the tree blooms again, one day I will fall and the Conclave will endure."
Conclave Equenaut①Equenauts are the seeds of the Conclave, scattered on the four winds, searching for new places to take root.
Conclave Mentor①"I have faith in your potential."
Conclave Naturalists①"Your swords and wards have no power here."
Concordant Crossroads①"Realms emerge and wither like autumn leaves, but the World Tree endures eternally."↵-Esika, god of the Tree
Concordant Crossroads①The endless spectral procession crashed against the Envoy's hiding spot. "What are you," they taunted, "fighter or failure? Give in, daughter of the dead, and join your ancestor in eternal slumber."
Concordant Crossroads①The wolf closed in. But then a strange wind whispered through the leaves, and with a burst of speed, the deer surged forward out of reach.
Concordia Pegasus①"A kick from its hooves is like a bolt of lightning. I'd know. I've been hit by both."↵-Rencz, Izzet chemister's aide
Concordia Pegasus①"What makes a frog lizard any worse than a bird horse? Prejudice against the Simic, that's what. It's unfair!"↵-Thados Arquef,↵Guardian Project biomancer
Concordia Pegasus①In the cloudy skies and dim light of autumn, a flash of white wings is a reminder that better times lie ahead.
Concussive Bolt①Shock one, awe the rest.
Condemn①"No doubt the arbiters would put you away, after all the documents are signed. But I will have justice *now*!"↵-Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Condemn①"No doubt the arbiters would put you away, after all the documents are signed. But I will have justice now!"↵-Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Condemn①"No doubt the arbiters would put you away, after all the documents are signed. But I will have justice now."↵-Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Condescend①"Shame we'll never see what all the fuss was about."
Conduit of Emrakul①As without, so within.
Conduit of Storms①It strikes with the fury of a tempest.
Cone of Flame①"Mine is not the warmth of compassion."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Confessor①"There will be gains for our losses. There will be rights for our wrongs."
Confidence from Strength①"Prepare for battle!"↵-Jiang Yanggu
Confirm Suspicions①Everyone has something to hide.
Confiscate①"I don't understand why he works so hard on a device to duplicate a sound so easily made with hand and armpit."↵-Barrin, progress report
Confiscate①"It is better to take what does not belong to you than to let it lie around neglected."↵-Mark Twain, *More Maxims of Mark*
Confiscate①"The surface world contains nothing I cannot take."↵-The Lord of Atlantis
Confiscation Coup①"Citizens, do not resist. This is for your safety. Tezzeret bids you to surrender your inventions. Now."
Conflux①"It's self-indulgent, I admit, but I do like to watch my own symphony play itself out."↵-Nicol Bolas
Conflux①After years of world-bending machinations, Bolas's triumph is at hand.
Confound①"Did I know Szat would betray us?" Urza asked quizzically. "I was counting on it."
Confront the Past①"Why, Gideon? Of all people, why save me?"
Confront the Unknown①"Never flinch from the truth."↵-Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
Congregate①"In the gathering there is strength for all who founder, renewal for all who languish, love for all who sing."↵-*Song of All*, canto 642
Congregation at Dawn①"It is fitting that we meet in the first hour of light, for we are called by the Conclave to pierce a threat of darkness."
Conifer Strider①Atarka's presence thaws the glaciers of Qal Sisma, forcing its elementals to migrate or adapt.
Conifer Wurm①During seasonal thaws, the wurms slough their skin against trees to promote growth.
Conjured Currency①A bargain in Keyhole Downs is always too good to be true.
Conjurer's Ban①Orzhov faithful file past to have their minds purged of "impure" desires. There, the guiltwardens eliminate any thoughts of hope or self-sufficiency.
Conjurer's Bauble①It is the moment of discovery, the triumph of the mind, the reimagining of past glory.
Conjurer's Closet①"Skeletons? You should be so lucky."↵-Gisa, to Geralf
Conjurer's Closet①"Tomorrow wears yesterday's face."↵-Kordel the Cryptic
Conquering Manticore①It speaks no commands but is always obeyed.
Conquer①"Every field watered in warriors' blood is sacred ground. Lay it not to waste, but claim it for our own-for glory, and for Stromgald!"↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquer①"Why do we trade with those despicable Elves? You don't live in forests, you burn them!"↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquer①"Why do we trade with those despicable elves? You don't live in forests, you burn them!"↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquer①"Why do we trade with those despicable elves? You don't live in forests, you burn them!"↵-Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Consecrated Sphinx①"I can only glimpse the future. These little ones will bring it about."
Consecrated Sphinx①A curse is just another name for an unwanted blessing.
Consecrated Sphinx①Blessed by the hands of Jin-Gitaxias.
Consecrated Sphinx①Blessed by the lands of winter.
Consider①Ivold gasped in surprise. Either a very strange insect had crawled onto one of the lenses or he was seeing geists at last!
Consider①Ivold gasped in surprise. Either a very strange insect had crawled onto one of the lenses or he was seeing geists at last.
Consign to Dream①"Dreams are fleeting. Reality even more so."↵-Oona, queen of the fae
Consign to the Pit①First your whole life flashes before your eyes. Then you have considerable time to reflect on every regret as you plummet.
Constricting Sliver①Slivers are often seen toying with enemies they capture, not out of cruelty, but to fully learn their physical capabilities.
Constricting Tendrils①Priests of Bant protect their temples with traps more elaborate than any mosaic floor.
Consulate Crackdown①"The workshops are silent. Our creations have been seized. They have killed what made us alive."↵-Pia Nalaar
Consulate Dreadnought①"It's like they planted another Bastion right in the middle of the harbor."↵-Bes Tavani, Bomat merchant
Consulate Skygate①All skyships entering or leaving the fairgrounds must pass through the security checkpoint.
Consulate Turret①"Our watchtowers are well positioned. Why don't we arm them?"↵-Enforcer-Chief Ranaj
Consult the Necrosages①Dimir rank and file never see nor hear their guildmaster. All orders are given through mysterious necrosages who appear from the shadows, tersely toss out a command, and then melt into the darkness.
Consume Spirit①"You clerics brag about your strength of spirit, yet I take away the tiniest fragment, and you crumple like a rag doll."↵-Sorin Markov
Consume Spirit①"Your blood, your marrow, your spirit-all are mine."↵-Mayvar, minion of Geth
Consume Spirit①"Youth is wasted on the young. So I help myself to some of it from time to time."↵-Sifa Grent
Consume Spirit①Mephidross changes all who dwell there, taking their lives and adding them to its own.
Consume Strength①"You are correct. This is going to hurt."↵-Vraska
Consume Strength①As Multani's troops invaded Urborg, the decay of the swamp became a feast for the living.
Consume the Meek①"Others ask why the Eldrazi destroy. I ask why they preserve."↵-Ganda, Goma Fada deserter
Consume the Meek①"Why does it destroy? It does, and to talk of reasons wastes time and breath."↵-Nirthu, lone missionary
Consuming Bonfire①"The elves use treefolk to drive us away. It is time to remove their tools."↵-Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Consuming Fervor①Headlong is the only way to pass through the gate to the afterlife.
Consuming Sinkhole①"What will not yield will be consumed."↵-Ayli, high priest of the Eternal Pilgrims
Consuming Tide①Nephalia's tides obey an unforgiving moon.
Consumptive Goo①Silent as fog and relentless as plague, it is wet, creeping death.
Contagion Engine①"Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing.."↵-Edgar Allen Poe, "The Raven"
Contagious Nim①"This species has grown to be my preferred receptacle for our divine message."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Containment Breach①For pest keepers, there's no sound more disheartening than breaking glass.
Containment Construct①Automated units are deployed to stabilize merge sites deemed too dangerous even for trained intercessors.
Containment Priest①Some protection requires a bit of finesse.
Contaminated Aquifer①The caves stretch farther than anyone knows, and the terrible legacy of Yawgmoth lurks in every shadow.
Contaminated Bond①"My favorite curses are those that manifest slowly, blackening the soul in ways the victim cannot hope to understand."↵-Erissa, bog witch
Contaminated Bond①This leash disciplines the master.
Contaminated Ground①"No one cares about pollution until they can see it."↵-Gurras, Golgari rot farmer
Contaminated Ground①"The Na Plateau is lost. Do not ask what happened, and never return there."↵-Nirthu, lone missionary
Contemplation①"How fascinating it is to watch the machinations of one's own mind play themselves out."↵-Volrath
Contempt①"Predictable little man. In all these years you taught me so much yet learned so little."↵-Volrath, to Starke
Contentious Plan①Niv-Mizzet had perfected a plan, but he had no control over the mortal minds who had to agree to implement it.
Contingency Plan①"Improvisation is for those who failed to prepare."↵-Jace Beleren
Contortionist Troupe①"Welcome to the greatest show in Kessig!"
Contraband Kingpin①"Don't waste my time with trifles. Bring me works of art, and I will make you rich."
Contract Killing①For a price, the floating city of High and Dry offers all the amenities a pirate could want: rest, recreation, and revenge.
Contradict①Those who question Ojutai may not like the answers they receive.
Contraption Cannon①Common side effects include headaches, ringing in ears, and excessive smithereens. In some cases, a small hole in space-time may develop.
Control Magic①"Do as I think, not as I do."↵-Jace Beleren
Control Magic①If you don't have the best toys, find the one who does.
Control of the Court①"Power-hungry eunuchs, the curse of the dynasty, have thrown the masses of the people into the depths of misery."
Controlled Instincts①Togk Manytooth struggled helplessly as the kathari circled above him. For a warrior, immobilization is a fate worse than death.
Convalescence①Selenia had hurt Mirri terribly, but injuries of the flesh could be treated. The wounds she had torn in Crovax's soul would never close.
Convalescent Care①Enlightenment comes most swiftly at life's end.
Convicted Killer①None are more dangerous than those who have already been sentenced to death.
Conviction①"There is no greater coward than one who believes in nothing."
Conviction①It was not the minotaur's shoulders but his soul that bore the heaviest weight.
Convincing Mirage①"Where are we? You must learn to ask more useful questions than that."
Convolute①"Let's see how badly you want what you came for!"
Convolute①"No, thank you."
Convolute①"There's no sense arguing with insanity."↵-Levana, Midnight Duelist
Convolute①The words came to the sorcerer's lips but refused to budge any further.
Cooperation①"The Elves train our healers, and we keep the Orcs at bay. Most Elvish bargains aren't as fair."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Coordinated Assault①It's hard to shout "Shields up!" with a javelin in your chest.
Coordinated Charge①"Out here we're nothing but our training."↵-Ethuk, Coppercoat mage
Copper Carapace①"We will fight as they do: our flesh protected behind metal."↵-Tae Aquil, Viridian weaponsmith
Copper Gnomes①Start with eleven gnomes and a room of parts, and come morning you'll have ten and a monster the likes of which you've never seen.
Copper Myr①The elves thought of the myr as minor threats, just as the myr thought of the elves.
Copper Myr①The myr are like verdigris: an ever-present patina on the surface of a metal world.
Copper-Leaf Angel①"When Serra made angels, people called her a goddess. My angels are far superior to hers."↵-Latulla, Keldon overseer
Copperhoof Vorrac①Like all forest beasts, it lives by one rule: if there's no room to grow, make some.
Copperhorn Scout①Fangren spur may sound louder, but Viridian resurgents claim that the horn of the vorrac creates a truer, more inspiring note.
Copperline Gorge①Where the Tangle overruns the Oxidda mountains, metallic beasts scratch their territories in the verdigris.
Copy Enchantment①Simic mages create redundant backups of their experiments to reduce the consequences of catastrophe.
Coral Colony①The seafloor is strewn with the wreckage of Vodalia's would-be conquerors.
Coral Commando①Few Ravnicans are aware of the vast reefs in their world's hidden ocean. Far beneath the great sinkholes, where the light is blue and dim, merfolk tend the coral labyrinths that feed the benthic ecosystem.
Coral Eel①Some fishers like to eat eels, and some eels like to eat fishers.
Coral Merfolk①Early sailors thought they were tricks of the mind or perhaps manatees. As more and more ships were classified as lost to "manatee attacks," the truth began to dawn.
Coral Merfolk①It is not unusual for a single family of coral merfolk to spend centuries carefully guiding the growth of the reefs where they make their home.
Coral Merfolk①Merfolk are best known for their subtle magic. But those who try to fight them in their own territory quickly realize that merfolk are hardly defenseless on the field of battle.
Coral Merfolk①The coral merfolk delight in wrestling with their foes, skinning them alive on the razor-sharp edges of their reef.
Coral Merfolk①The merfolk know every contour of their coral homes; each reef is a garden in times of peace, and a refuge and fortress in times of war.
Coral Trickster①They wait in darkened depths, laughing eagerly.
Coralhelm Guide①"She knows every step of this coastline, both above and below the surface, and she has hideouts all along the way. She will get you there."↵-Jori En, expedition leader
Cordial Vampire①"Please, come in! Hors d'oeuvres are on the table."
Coretapper①It converts the faintest surges of power from Mirrodin's core into usable energy, providing endless power for Memnarch's creations on the surface.
Cormela, Glamour Thief①She sees the world as a gift meant for her.
Cornered Market①Don't step on the livelihood of other vendors, or they may step on you.↵-Mercadian saying
Coronation of Chaos①When Sarevok's deception was unmasked, the cheering crowd erupted into an outraged mob.
Corpse Appraiser①"Scarcely a mark. A true work of art!"
Corpse Augur①Even when the flesh grows cold, knowledge waits in the bones for a master to release it.
Corpse Blockade①There are laws against it, but the dead have no one to complain to and the living are too frightened to investigate.
Corpse Churn①"How did we find each other? So there I was, exploring a mound of monster corpses..."
Corpse Churn①"The distraction of your life has ended. Now your service begins."↵-Kalitas, thrall of Ulamog
Corpse Explosion①"Well, that's one way to scatter her ashes."↵-Calvey, funeral director
Corpse Hauler①"He expects a reward, but the only piece of silver he'll get from me is my blade in his gut."↵-Shelac, necromancer
Corpse Knight①"With each knight that rode out from the bone-white keep, the queen's soldiers felt their courage failing."↵-Krinnea, *Siege of the Bone Spire*
Corpse Traders①Those without breath can't complain.
Corpsejack Menace①Weakness is not in the nature of the Swarm.
Corpseweft①Sidisi hated to limit her options.
Corridor Monitor①Castle Vantress has no locks on its doors, but interlopers rarely make it past the foyer.
Corrosive Gale①"Wipe Sheoldred's spies from the sky. She'll see the result of our vision soon enough."↵-Glissa
Corrosive Mentor①Guttering cinders stoke their dying flames by snuffing out the lights of others.
Corrosive Ooze①Nothing tastes finer to an ooze than a priceless family heirloom.
Corrupt Court Official①"I wouldn't call what they have here a justice system. More like an auction."↵-Elspeth
Corrupt Official①His favor comes at a high price.
Corrupted Conscience①Karn's creation is now his master.
Corrupted Crossroads①"Look, and see the future."↵-Ayli, high priest of the Eternal Pilgrims
Corrupted Grafstone①It is all too easy to disturb the Blessed Sleep.
Corrupted Harvester①"Before the blessed assault begins, we must seek specimens that are well-adapted to our way of . . . life."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Corrupted Resolve①"Flesh is a sickness that infects Phyrexia."↵-Avaricta, Gitaxian sective
Corrupted Roots①The bones of Jund's dead resurfaced in Naya, poisoning the jungle and killing the sunseeders' crops.
Corrupt①One misstep in the swamp and the evil that sleeps beneath will rise to find you.
Corrupt①The power of the fens sleeps lightly, and always awakens hungry.
Corrupt①There are things beneath the murk for whom the bog is a stew, a thin broth in need of meat.
Corrupt①Yawgmoth brushed Urza's mind, and Urza's world convulsed.
Corsair Captain①"Lungs full of sea air and a hold full of loot. Ah, what a life!"
Cosi's Ravager①"Cosi has many followers. Even the volcano finds a way to do his bidding."↵-Zakken, Enclave cleric
Cosi's Trickster①She watches the chaos created by the Roil, seeking strength in the patterns of anarchy.
Cosmic Epiphany①"All knowledge, past and future, is etched upon reality. Every answer we seek is out there, hidden only by the limits of our minds."↵-Jodah
Cosmic Horror①". . . [S]creams of horror rend th' affrighted skies." -Alexander Pope, *The Rape of the Lock*
Cosmic Horror①"Then flashed the living lightning from her eyes,/ And screams of horror rend th' affrighted skies." -Alexander Pope, *The Rape of the Lock*
Cosmic Horror①"Then flashed the living lightning from her eyes,/ And screams of horror rend th' affrighted skies."↵-Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock
Cosmic Larva①For millennia they wandered from plane to plane, devouring all metal. Finally, their wanderings are over.
Cosmos Elixir①The Skoti owe their immortality to the elixir, and the manner of its creation is their most closely guarded secret.
Cosmotronic Wave①"This sort of innovation occurs when you set out to improve an electric tea kettle and misplace a decimal."
Costly Plunder①No lock of iron is a match for Vraska's will of stone.
Costume Shop①"Chandra's Pyromastery Gloves are not fire resistant."↵-Costume warning label
Costume Shop①"Sold out I'm afraid, but Wrenns Three through Six are on sale."↵-Lonak, sales manager
Costume Shop①"The costumes are so realistic! I was mistaken for Nicol Bolas and attacked by a bunch of wizards! Five stars! They eventually let me go."↵-*Salzon's Ride Review*
Costume Shop①Dress up like all your favorite Planeswalkers! And Oko.
Costume Shop①Dressed to the 9/9s.
Costume Shop①Outfits you'll love at prices you'll tolerate.
Council of Advisors①Sun Quan's long and successful rule in the years 199 to 251 was due to his ability to choose and foster talented advisors and generals.
Council's Judgment①"Our ruling is final."
Council's Judgment①When its power is threatened, the council speaks with a unified voice.
Counsel of the Soratami①"Wisdom is not the counting of all the drops in a waterfall. Wisdom is learning why the water seeks the earth."
Counterflux①For a moment, it seemed as if Powder's invention had really worked.
Counterintelligence①Before the battle of Red Cliffs, a supposedly sleeping Zhou Yu allowed his old friend, a Wei advisor, to steal a planted letter forged as if from Wei's two best admirals.
Counterlash①"Pathetic. Let me show you how it's done."
Countermand①The physical pain was nothing compared to the agony in his mind.
Counterspell①"If only there were a way to counter your inevitable whining."
Counterspell①"It was probably a lousy spell in the first place."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Counterspell①"One need not know the specific details of a spell to suppress its effect. Simply rearrange the rules of the reality within which the spell operates."↵-Imbraham, Quandrix dean
Counterspell①"The duel was going badly for me, and Zur thought I was finished. He boasted that he would eat my soul-but all he ate were his words."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Counterspell①"The duel was going badly for me, and Zur thought I was finished. He boasted that he would eat my soul-but all he ate were his words."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Counterspell①"Your attack has been rendered harmless. It is, however, quite pretty."↵-Saprazzan vizier
Counterspell①The pyromancer summoned up her mightiest onslaught of fire and rage. Jace feigned interest.
Countersquall①"The essence of every world, every spell, and every thought is power. Nothing else matters, because nothing else exists."↵-Nicol Bolas
Countersquall①Each of the twenty-three winds of Esper is named and chronicled, and every possible interaction with the flow of magic is exhaustively detailed.
Countervailing Winds①The Eternals had long since mastered every technique taught during the trials.
Countless Gears Renegade①"Go forth and cause trouble, my little one!"
Courage in Crisis①"Thanks to my father, I know how to fight. He also showed me why I must."
Courageous Outrider①One silvery blast signaled that she wouldn't be arriving at Thraben alone.
Courier Bat①Swarms of bats poured from Lurenbraum Fortress carrying wedding invitations to vampires of every bloodline.
Courier Griffin①"Sea Gate has fallen. Survivors are on the move. Will send another griffin when we find refuge. Stay hidden. Stay safe."↵-Message from Tars Olan, kor world-gift
Courier Hawk①The Orzhov started using hawks as messengers in order to bypass the many toll roads and bridges that dot Ravnica. Soon the service became one of their most profitable businesses.
Courier's Capsule①In ages past, Esper couriers bore messages written on ornate scrolls. The medium has grown more sophisticated, but the principle remains the same.
Coursers' Accord①Bleak rumors reached Trostani's ears. She decreed that no one should travel alone.
Court Archers①The Sun-Dappled Court of Valeron stands secure behind a wall of steel-tipped arrows.
Court Cleric①"The healers of Bant are second to none. I owe then a great deal for their tutelage."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Court Homunculus①Mages of Esper measure their wealth and status by the number of servants in their retinues.
Court Street Denizen①"The Boros fight for justice. The Azorius fight for law. I hold the line between, and make sure the people are given both."
Court of Ambition①Watch your step.
Court of Bounty①To grow is to triumph.
Court of Cunning①A throne built on wisdom cannot be toppled.
Court of Grace①A righteous sovereign makes for a blessed realm.
Court of Ire①Hold your tongue, lest you burn it.
Courtly Provocateur①"My one regret is that I have mastered an art that leaves its audience unable to applaud."
Covenant of Minds①Before signing anything on Grixis, always read the fine print.
Covert Operative①Some spies seek clarity. Others seek transparency.
Covetous Dragon①Gatha survived as long as he did by giving all Keld's predators exactly what they wanted.
Covetous Geist①"It has no need of wealth in the afterlife. It steals and kills purely for its own spiteful amusement."↵-Kaya
Cowardice①"Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once."↵-William Shakespeare, *Julius Caesar*
Cowardice①Gerrard was the Mercadian soldiers' greatest hero; they followed him blindly. When he left, they stumbled around blindly.
Cower in Fear①"You will fully understand fear when you discover it is the final thing you put your faith in."↵-Nicol Bolas
Cowl Prowler①Consulate guards who pursue fleeing renegades into the Cowl often become lost-occasionally permanently-in the city's wildest greenbelt.
Crabapple Cohort①Seven wives made seven pies from seven apples, each plucked from its branches. Now bare and bitter, it comes to exact its price: one apple, one bone.
Crack Open①What no spell or lockpick could open, the forest coaxed apart.
Crack the Earth①"As the war progressed, the destruction the kami caused became more widespread and less predictable."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Crackdown Construct①"All buildings are subject to search. Resistance will be punished."↵-Enforcer-Chief Ranaj
Crackdown①"There is no place for mercy in defense of our lives."↵-Ta-Spon, Cho-Arrim executioner
Crackle with Power①Will gasped as Rowan drew from the raw power of the Strixhaven Snarl. For a moment, she was luminous, transcendent, terrible.
Crackling Club①It adds injury to injury.
Crackling Doom①Do not fear the lightning. Fear the one it obeys.
Crackling Emergence①The transition from spiritual to material is sometimes as shocking as it is beautiful.
Crackling Perimeter①As the path he sought came into focus, Niv-Mizzet took steps to prevent others from approaching it.
Crackling Triton①He calls upon both the currents in the sea and the current in the clouds.
Cradle Guard①Mother, sleep / Dream our lives Our roots your soul / Our leaves your bed.
Cradle of Vitality①Naya's trees grow tall and sturdy. Their foliage intertwines to form dewcups, rainwater pools where the elves gather to celebrate life.
Cradle of the Accursed①Many such monuments dot the wasteland known as Ifnir.
Cradle to Grave①"As the fell soil's appetite grows, it gulps down passersby upon their first footfall."↵-Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Crafty Cutpurse①Possession is eleven-tenths of the pirate code.
Crafty Pathmage①Follow the pathmage↵-Otarian expression meaning "escape quickly"
Crafty Pathmage①The most valuable commodity in the pits is a way out.
Crag Puca①"Be happy when you see a puca shaped like mischief. It's far better than one shaped like death."↵-Dindun of Kulrath Mine
Crag Saurian①It follows the strongest leader-the one with the longest whip.
Cragcrown Pathway①"The greatest danger on the path is a failure of nerve."↵-Enwor, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Cragganwick Cremator①Each night that his bowl fills, a village mourns.
Cram Session①The only thing more delicious than a top grade is Gyome's signature cake.
Cranial Archive①The greatest idea the zombie ever had in its head wasn't even its own.
Cranial Plating①The flesh of the Necrontyr is a memory so distant as to be nearly mythical.
Crash Landing①"The other guilds think they're untouchable. It's time we brought them back down to earth."↵-Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Crash Through①"Uni! Uni! I knew you'd come back!"↵-Bobby
Crash Through①"We have to get out of the city, Djeru. All of us! Gather as many as you can."↵-Samut, former Tah-crop initiate
Crash of Rhino Beetles①"When the herd moves, so should you."↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Crash of Rhinos①Love is like a rhino, short-sighted and hasty; if it cannot find a way, it will make a way.↵-Femeref adage
Crash the Party①The profits from that night barely paid for the damages.
Crash the Ramparts①The Legion's conquistadors could endure Ixalan's sun. Their forts could withstand a charging ceratops. But nothing can stop a ceratops strengthened by the sun.
Crashing Boars①Bores ruin a party. Boars are party to ruin.
Crashing Drawbridge①"The Northern Beacon flared, and even before the drawbridge finished its descent, the knights charged out."↵-*Legend of the Gilded Knights*
Crash①Gerrard shook his head as the ground rushed to meet him. "This," he thought, "is not the start I was hoping for."
Craterhoof Behemoth①It loves to eat all things crispy, crunchy, and cheddar flavored.
Craterhoof Behemoth①Its footsteps of today are the lakes of tomorrow.
Craterize①"'Utterly' is my favorite way to destroy something."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Craven Giant①"The best armor is to keep out of range."↵-Italian proverb
Craven Giant①What is high as a mountain and low as a snake?↵-Dal riddle
Craven Hulk①Abandoned at birth, the giant was raised by goats. Ironically, it grew up to be the most cautious member of the herd.
Craven Knight①"I say victory is better than honor."
Craw Giant①Harthag gave a jolly laugh as he surveyed the army before him. "Ho ho ho! Midgets! You think you can stand in my way?"
Craw Wurm①The most terrifying thing about the Craw Wurm is probably the horrible crashing sound it makes as it speeds through the forest. This noise is so loud it echoes through the trees and seems to come from all directions at once.
Craw Wurm①The most terrifying thing about the craw wurm is probably the horrible crashing sound it makes as it speeds through the forest. This noise is so loud it echoes through the trees and seems to come from all directions at once.
Crawling Barrens①Zendikar is restless.
Crawlspace①Lord Rondor arrived for battle with sixty war elephants, ten catapults, and two hundred of his finest archers. Then he saw the battlefield . . .
Crawlspace①The goblins did not understand their attraction to the mana rig. They simply knew it was where they belonged.
Crazed Armodon①These are its last days. Mourning is over. Rage remains.
Crazed Firecat①"The longer it's caged, the madder it gets."↵-Firecat handler
Crazed Goblin①Because fighting is easier than figuring out what else to do.
Crazed Skirge①They are Phyrexia's couriers; the messages they carry are inscribed on their slick hides.
Creakwood Ghoul①Some eat the living. Some eat the dead. It eats the past.
Creature Guy①There once was a player named Quinn, . . .
Creeperhulk①"I saw the devastation when the juggernauts crashed the walls of An Karras. Then I got to thinking."↵-Janji, sylvan druid
Creeping Corrosion①"We will reveal the futility of their heresy by showing them how fragile their relics are."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Creeping Mold①"Mold could catch you."↵-Suq'Ata insult
Creeping Mold①Mold crept over the walls and into every crevice until the gleaming white stone strained and burst.
Creeping Mold①Sanctions, mandates, regulations . . . These things mean nothing to the natural world.
Creeping Mold①The deadliest force on Mirrodin isn't the largest organism-it's the smallest.
Creeping Trailblazer①The destruction of a wildfire with the tenacity of a jungle vine.
Creepy Doll①A child's porcelain doll went missing one night, as did a pair of kitchen shears and the town magistrate.
Cremate①"Without a body, the soul is helpless to fight the terms of our contracts."↵-Somhaur, Orzhov pontiff
Cremate①Cremation of the dead is not a religious ritual in Ravnica. It's a business designed to keep the Golgari from growing in numbers.
Cremate①Death's embrace need not be cold.
Crenellated Wall①Mercadian soldiers excel at finding things to stand behind.
Crested Craghorn①"Craghorns experience a wide range of emotions: rage, fury, anger . . ."↵-Foothill guide
Crested Herdcaller①"Our survival, like theirs, depends on our ability to work together."↵-Huatli, to Tishana
Crested Sunmare①"It is evidence that some pure corner of the world must still exist."↵-Djeru, former Tah-crop initiate
Crew Captain①The Riveteers are as good at raising buildings as they are at razing them.
Criminal Past①You've never cared much for laws or authority, especially when they get in your way.
Crimson Acolyte①The faithful will walk through streams of fire and emerge unscathed.↵-Crimson acolyte creed
Crimson Fleet Commodore①"Kindly steer your fleet clear of the waters west of Scrub Isle. It would be a shame to incinerate such exquisite maritime craftsmanship."↵-Commodore Axurik, to Admiral Yelise
Crimson Hellkite①"Dragonfire forged me a warrior."↵-Rashida Scalebane
Crimson Hellkite①The hellkites are artists with flames, painting the world with fire.
Crimson Honor Guard①The finest soldiers aren't worth a whit without a set of hands to lead them and a set of eyes to guide them.
Crimson Kobolds①"Kobolds are harmless." -Bearand the Bold, epitaph
Crimson Kobolds①"Kobolds are harmless."↵-Bearand the Bold, epitaph
Crimson Mage①"We wield the fires of rage. War is our blood and destruction our birthright."↵-Crimson creed
Crimson Manticore①Manticores divide all beings into two categories: other manticores and dinner.
Crimson Manticore①Noted neither for their good looks nor their charm, Crimson Manticores can be fearsome allies. As dinner companions, however, they are best left alone.
Crimson Manticore①Noted neither for their good looks nor their charm, Manticores can be fearsome allies. As dinner companions, however, they are best left alone.
Crimson Manticore①Noted neither for their good looks nor their charm, manticores can be fearsome allies. As dinner companions, however, they are best left alone.
Crimson Wisps①The whispers are incomprehensible, yet cinders always hear a message of urgency.
Crippling Blight①"Still alive? No matter. I'll leave you as a warning to others who would oppose me."↵-Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter
Crippling Chill①In the silence of the ice, even dreams become still.
Crippling Chill①One breath of the geist turns veins to rivers of ice and freezes hearts midbeat.
Crippling Fear①Panic spread like wildfire as the demons of Immersturm poured into Bretagard, slaughtering as they came.
Critical Hit①"How do you kill what's already dead? *That's* how."
Croakid Amphibonaut①"I designed the Astrotorium's jetpacks to be lightweight and inexpensive. Nobody mentioned reliable."↵-Truss, chief engineer
Croaking Counterpart①Frog is the sincerest form of flattery.
Crocodile of the Crossing①"Everything in the trial has teeth. You will overcome them, or you will feed them."↵-Rhonas, god of strength
Crook of Condemnation①The God-Pharaoh's angels stripped former initiates of their cartouches and the fortifying magic they provided.
Crooked Custodian①"Nothing to see here. Just carrying a carpet. Yes, the carpet wears boots. Stop asking questions."
Crookshank Kobolds①The Crookshank military boasts a standing army of nearly twenty-four million, give or take twenty-two million.
Crop Rotation①"Hmm . . . maybe lotuses this year."
Crop Rotation①"The end of my cycle draws near. Rise up, young sprouts, and take root in my place."
Crop Rotation①Zendikar's elves have developed innovative methods to mitigate the effects of the Roil.
Crosis's Attendant①"Crosis is the eye of the ur-dragon, piercing illusion and darkness."
Crosis's Charm①A pretty bauble of persecution.
Crossbow Ambush①There is no drake that flies faster than a crossbow bolt.↵-Vec saying
Crossbow Infantry①"He can split a marshfly in two from halfway across the range."↵-Onean sergeant
Crossbow Infantry①The crossbow is the ideal weapon for the lazy Mercadians: just point and shoot.
Crossbow Infantry①Twang. You're dead.
Crossroads Candleguide①Do the candleguides' heads turn to follow you as you pass, or is it merely a trick of the flickering light?
Crossroads Consecrator①"May the steel of your blade match the steel in your soul."
Crosstown Courier①Information travels quickly through Ravnica's network of messengers and thought agents.
Crossway Troublemakers①"Lady Anje said no violence at the wedding. She never said anything about the journey there!"
Crossway Vampire①"Do not flatter Fate. It did not guide you into my clutches tonight. That was all my doing."
Crosswinds①Harbin's ornithopter had been trapped for two days within the currents of the storm. When the skies cleared, all he could see was a horizon of trees.
Crovax, Ascendant Hero①Crovax was destined for an angel's curse, but one warped timeline saw the noble redeemed.
Crovax①How does one escape a curse? For Crovax, a wealthy noble, the answer may lie in joining the crew of the *Weatherlight* as they seek to rescue their abducted captain Sisay. Secretly, he hopes in his journeys to find Selenia, the angelic being who abandoned him and his family years ago.
Crow Storm①Storm crow lonely, boon for a birder.↵Storm crows together, likely a murder.
Crow of Dark Tidings①"Well, this can't be a good sign."↵-Old Rutstein
Crowd Favorites①"The rabble likes them. Make sure they win, then book them for tomorrow."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Crowd of Cinders①They envy the life-giving heat so much that they tear it from those who still possess it.
Crown of Ascension①"Wisdom, clear my eyes."
Crown of Awe①"Honor, guide my step."
Crown of Doom①Every head it rests upon winds up severed.
Crown of Empires①"With this crown, assert your authority."↵-Crown inscription
Crown of Flames①"All my life I've fought these monsters. Today I finish that fight."↵-Barrin
Crown of Flames①It is the forge of kings.
Crown of Fury①"Passion, fire my heart."
Crown of Skemfar①Lathril, queen of the ancient Eimir, left a powerful legacy for her mortal descendants.
Crown of Suspicion①"Darkness, hide my fear."
Crown of Vigor①"Life, be my shield."
Crown-Hunter Hireling①While most in Paliano seek fame through favor, he'll settle for infamy through blood.
Crowned Ceratok①The best way to calm a rampaging ceratok is to wait until it dies of natural causes.
Crucible of Fire①"The dragon is a perfect marriage of power and the will to use it."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Crucible of Worlds①"From dust and light She coaxed forth an uncorrupted world. By Her grace we dwell here, free from suffering."↵-*Song of All*, canto 11
Crucible of Worlds①Amidst the darkest ashes grow the strongest seeds.
Crucible of Worlds①By isolating liquid aether at room temperature, foundry hand Jitya Reyath has given us a glimpse of raw aetheric matter-the very stuff of the cosmos.
Crucible of Worlds①Greatness is forged in fire and fervor.
Crude Rampart①Success is one part inspiration, nine parts desperation.
Cruel Celebrant①"Whichever side wins, I'm sure the banquet will be superb."
Cruel Edict①"Choose your next words carefully. They will be your last."↵-Phage the Untouchable
Cruel Edict①"No mockeries now for them; no prayers nor bells, / Nor any voice of mourning save the choirs,- / The shrill, demented choirs of wailing shells."↵-Wilfred Owen, "Anthem for Doomed Youth"
Cruel Edict①"Such a fragile organ, the brain."↵-Tojira, swamp queen
Cruel Finality①Bitter the bite of a demon's steel, and deep the abyss it opens.
Cruel Reality①As Gideon watched the initiate murder his crop-mate, his admiration of the city of Naktamun gave way to horror.
Cruel Revival①Few Cabal fighters fear death. They fear what follows it.
Cruel Revival①On Innistrad, Liliana embraced necromancy, honing her powers by practicing on scores of undead-and sometimes the living.
Cruel Sadist①Face of innocence. Hand of death. Designed by Edmund McMillen
Cruel Tutor①The more you pay for the lesson, the better you'll remember it.
Cruel Ultimatum①There is always a greater power.
Cruel Witness①"I escaped, so why do I still feel like I'm being watched?"↵-Gregel, militia leader
Crumble①"Ashes and dust; dust and ashes. Hope it works before it smashes."↵-Argivian children's rhyme
Crumble①The spirits of Argoth grant new life to those who repent the folly of enslaving their labors to devices.
Crumbling Ashes①"I was there to watch my brothers' quenching. I drew the slightest warmth from their dying rage."↵-Illulia of Nighthearth
Crumbling Necropolis①"They say the ruins of Sedraxis were once a shining capital in Vithia. Now it is a blight, a place to be avoided by the living."↵-Olcot, Rider of Joffik
Crumbling Necropolis①It's said the spirits of the drowned dead hang their lights from the shattered figureheads.
Crumbling Necropolis①The squad plunged deep into Hive Pandorial, finding only the shambling corpses of those they came to avenge.
Crusader of Odric①"We are Odric's sword. We strike without fear, for his mind has divined how our foe will be slain."
Crusade①"Finally, I understand. Home isn't where you rest. It's what you fight for."↵-Elspeth Tirel
Crusading Knight①"My only dream is to destroy the nightmares of others."
Crush Contraband①The Izzet mage knew she would neither get her thermoinverter back nor have the satisfaction of exploding it herself.
Crush Dissent①"All I ask is complete obedience."↵-Nicol Bolas
Crush Underfoot①Five-toed grave↵-Kithkin phrase meaning "a giant's footprint"
Crushing Canopy①"Do not mistake your lofty vantage point for safety."↵-Shaper Tuvasa
Crushing Canopy①"The Dimir may look all they want. We never grow tired of swatting their bugs."↵-Heruj, Selesnya hierophant
Crushing Canopy①"The forests of this world are unafraid to assert themselves."↵-Wrenn
Crushing Disappointment①Most students could barely endure Dean Embrose's scrutiny for a semester or two; Killian lived with it his entire life.
Crushing Pain①It is said that the mere touch of a kami is like embracing the sun itself.
Crushing Vines①"Your veil's curse won't stop me, deathmage. I have taken down countless night hunters and this dark plane is not big enough for you to hide."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker, to Liliana Vess
Crushing Vines①"Your veil's curse won't stop me, deathmage. I have taken down countless night hunters. This dark plane is not big enough for you to hide."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker, to Liliana Vess
Crush①A golem's hands know no tenderness.
Crux of Fate①"One brother fought for the sake of the Multiverse. The other for himself."↵-*The Elderspell Parable*
Crux of Fate①Ugin's whispered summons led Sarkhan Vol to the moment that would echo down the centuries and seal Tarkir's fate: the primal battle between Ugin and Nicol Bolas.
Cry of the Carnarium①If your ears bleed, it's a party. If your eyes bleed, it's a Rakdos party.
Cryoclasm①The people of Terisiare had come to live on frozen fields as though on solid ground. Nothing reminded them of the difference more clearly than the rifts brought on by the Thaw.
Crypsis①Tritons borrow the camouflage of their oceanic prey to become predators on land.
Crypt Angel①Once an angel, now an abomination.
Crypt Creeper①"I guess what they say is true. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Or at least stranger."↵-Captain Eberhart
Crypt Creeper①To unearth its dinner, it inters itself.
Crypt Incursion①The Golgari maze-runner Varolz hungers to prove his fortitude in battle, and his trail of victims feeds other hungers.
Crypt Lurker①"Even the rats refuse to set foot inside. I fear to think what might be waiting in there."↵-Gravedigger's journal
Crypt Rats①"Once I dreamt of death, but now it dreams of me / And only rats and rotting flesh can hear my silent plea."↵-Mundungu chant
Crypt Rats①"Shoo, you little worm tails-go away! My corpses aren't your dinner!"↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Crypt Rats①Beware anything born among the dead.↵-Tolarian saying
Crypt Ripper①The tender light of the living quickens the pulse of the dead.
Crypt Sliver①"Death couldn't contain the slivers. What made us think we could?"↵-Riptide Project researcher
Crypt of the Eternals①The dead entered as worthy. They exited as Eternals.
Cryptborn Horror①Although Cryptwitch Merree vanished after a spat with Rakdos, her playthings lingered.
Cryptek①There are those who draw false comparisons between the tech-magi of the Adeptus Mechanicus and the xenotechnologists of the necron race. There can be no mercy for such heretics.
Cryptic Caves①Only when you've given up the search will the caves yield their secrets.
Cryptic Cruiser①"The seas are no less imperiled than the dry lands. This fight is mine as much as it is yours."↵-Kiora, to Gideon Jura
Cryptic Gateway①Its lock changes to fit each key.
Cryptic Serpent①It slithers through the senses, constricting consciousness and poisoning perceptions.
Cryptolith Rite①The chant was incomprehensible, but its power was unmistakable.
Cryptoplasm①"If left in the enemy's shape too long, it might be lost to them."↵-Vy Covalt, Neurok agent
Cryptothrall①Bound to a cryptek, the cryptothrall exists for one reason: to defend its master to the death.
Cryptwailing①"Piece the tragic notes together and is it not a melody?"↵-Teysa
Crystacean①It loves blending into its environment, ambushing prey, and long scuttles on the beach.
Crystal Ball①It glints with arcane truths to those who know how to glimpse them.
Crystal Chimes①As Serra was to learn, the peace and sanctity of her realm were as fragile as glass.
Crystal Dragon①"Wait, it was just guarding a bunch of eggs! Where is the treasure?"↵-Xalcorin the bard
Crystal Golem①"Once, a wealthy king commissioned an artificial creature to be crafted from the royal treasury, thinking it a clever ploy to have the jewels guard themselves."↵-Azeworai, "The Golem's Wish"
Crystal Quarry①"How tragic that greed eclipses beauty."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Crystal Rod①Polished by a thousand waves.
Crystal Seer①"Surprise is a useless, untidy emotion-the plaything of goblins and fools."
Crystal Shard①The vedalken know it is not of this world, so they know that this world is not the only one.
Crystal Slipper①"After the death of her mother, Cassia found that things that appear fragile can be very strong indeed."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Crystalline Resonance①"As a boulder diverts a stream, the crystals bend life around them."↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Crystalline Sliver①Bred as living shields, these slivers have proven unruly-they know they cannot be caught.
Culling Dais①"Forswear the flesh and you will truly see."↵-Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Culling Drone①Silence rules Bala Ged, broken only by the skittering of Eldrazi.
Culling Mark①Hunt without Nylea's leave and you may find yourself the next quarry.
Culling Ritual①"Your own frailty is your undoing. I am merely the one to expose it."
Culling Sun①"Who truly runs this city? Look to the sky on hallowed days, and see whose sigil is stamped clearly onto the heavens."↵-Vuliev of the Ghost Council
Culling the Weak①"The blood of the weak shall be the ink with which we scribe great Yawgmoth's glorious name."↵-Stronghold architect, journal
Culmination of Studies①Will's quick thinking meshed with Rowan's raw power to bring down the Blood Avatar.
Cult Conscript①His eternal rest turned out to be more of a quick nap.
Cult of the Waxing Moon①In times of madness, people cling to the familiar, monstrous though it may be.
Cultbrand Cinder①"Your seared flesh will be the first step in your journey to dark enlightenment."
Cultist of the Absolute①You embrace power at any cost, and if it consumes you, so be it.
Cultist's Staff①The head of the staff doubles as a brand to anoint the newly inducted.
Cultist①We are one.  We are many.  You will convert, or die
Cultivate①"The black lotus rises from adverse conditions and produces a rare bloom. We grow the lotus to remind us to look to the future despite the suffering of the present."
Cultivate①"You'd be amazed how much a single plant has to teach you."↵-Lisette, Witherbloom dean
Cultivate①A single spore from a Tyranid Hive Ship can spell doom for a solar system.
Cultivate①All seeds share a common bond, calling to each other across infinity.
Cumber Stone①"The stone is more potent than ever. The flesh that creeps into our land will become even more slovenly and weak."↵-Niclavs, archmage of Esper
Cunning Breezedancer①"That which is beautiful in form can also be deadly."↵-Ishai, Ojutai dragonspeaker
Cunning Evasion①"Begin with your escape and work backward."↵-*Way of Secrets*
Cunning Geysermage①"Come on, Skitch, we'll lose them in the geyserfield."
Cunning Lethemancer①"Give me your memories, and you will have release from the suffering they bring you."
Cunning Nightbonder①"We are each other's shadow, fleeting yet always present."
Cunning Sparkmage①"I see the weaknesses you hide even from yourself."
Cunning Strike①"The opponent who blocks the path, becomes the path."↵-Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest
Cunning Survivor①Initiates who had been through the Trial of Knowledge learned to see everything as pieces of a larger puzzle.
Cunning Wish①He wished for knowledge, but not for the will to apply it.
Cunning Wish①The foolish wish for that which they desire. The cunning wish for that which they require.
Cunning①". . . Dry-walkers die↵We feed on sweet flesh . . . ."↵-*Rootwater Saga*
Cuombajj Witches①All things are connected: light to dark, age to youth, blood to blood.
Curate①"*Kathorran War Chants, Vol. III*? That doesn't even belong in this wing!"
Curator of Mysteries①To consult a sphinx is a test in patience. Perhaps that's the point.
Curfew①". . . But I'm not tired!"
Curio Vendor①"Step right up! Try your hand! It'll thrill the senses and boggle the mind!"
Curiosity①"Surely you know the joy of the hunt, my furry friend. My kind of hunt just takes a different form than yours."
Curiosity①"You know that secret? The one that wakes you up at night in a cold sweat? The one you think no one else in the world knows? Well, guess what."
Curiosity①All Mirri wanted to do was rest, but she couldn't ignore a nagging suspicion as she followed Crovax's skulking form.
Curiosity①Li'l Giri tracked the robotic villain with silent steps. Just as the monster was about to eat the child . . .
Curious Herd①"If you don't break camp as you leave, you'll return to find it broken for you."↵-Jonald, mission naturalist
Curious Killbot①"whirrrr . . . beep . . . click . . . click?"
Curious Pair①"It's gingerbread, like Mother makes. What is there to be afraid of?"
Curry Favor①"My quest? Why, to marry Ayara. Or die trying."
Curse Artifact①Voska feared the artifact had come too easily.
Curse of Bloodletting①It is the demon's mark, an infernal claim on the flesh of the guilty.
Curse of Bounty①Flavorful aromas beckon many a salivating maw.
Curse of Chains①The giant's real punishment was the fleeting moment when he was allowed to stand before being dragged down to his knees again.
Curse of Chaos①"Let them cry for mercy. The only one who can hear them is me."↵-Siglind the Conqueror
Curse of Clinging Webs①Clare realized too late why no one ever took the shortcut through the abandoned mill.
Curse of Conformity①Whether you'll fit in isn't up to you at all.
Curse of Death's Hold①"May you and all your kin waste and wither until your clan is no more!"
Curse of Disturbance①Sounds of life beckon many a restless soul.
Curse of Exhaustion①"I do believe your heresy will prove more difficult now that you have more pressing concerns."↵-Bishop Argust
Curse of Inertia①"As long as I pull the strings, you will dance."↵-Tezzeret
Curse of Marit Lage①"Our world has not felt her thundering steps in lifetimes, but Marit Lage's presence is still with us."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Curse of Oblivion①The first step to peace is to learn how to forget.
Curse of Obsession①He ripped up board after board until his hands were bloody. Still, he could not find whatever it was he sought.
Curse of Opulence①Jingling coins beckon many an eager hand.
Curse of Predation①"Hunters feed on the fear of their prey."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Curse of Shaken Faith①Even within the chapel's hallowed halls, the devils' laughter pierced his prayers.
Curse of Stalked Prey①"Innocent thorns can fill the air with your bloodscent. Don't stray from the path."↵-Elmut, crossway watcher
Curse of Surveillance①For every eye gouged out, two blinked open.
Curse of Thirst①"May you drink until you drown but never be sated."↵-Odila, witch of Morkrut
Curse of Verbosity①Idle chatter beckons many an attentive ear.
Curse of Verbosity①Idle chatter becons many an attentive ear.
Curse of Vitality①Good health beckons many a vigorous follower.
Curse of Wizardry①"We must all push through the pain to heal our world."↵-Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Curse of the Bloody Tome①After seeing his life's work drip away, the mage decided it was a good time to go crazy.
Curse of the Forsaken①"Purge the damned, for they have no place among the righteous!"↵-Seeta of Thraben
Curse of the Nightly Hunt①When the moon rises and the bloodlust takes hold, nothing matters but the kill.
Curse of the Pierced Heart①"May your veins weep, and may every vampire take notice."↵-Stensian curse
Curse of the Swine①Another imminent battle subsided in busy snuffling and carefree rooting.
Cursebreak①No longer the village pariah. No longer taunted and shamed. Sigrun was finally free.
Cursecatcher①"Of all the things that can be stolen, opportunity is the most valuable."
Cursed Flesh①A farewell to arms . . . and feet . . . and legs . . .
Cursed Flesh①A farewell to arms . . . and feet . . . and legs . . . .
Cursed Flesh①Misery, filth, disease-all things that bring suffering to the world-only make Phyrexians more dangerous.
Cursed Minotaur①"Look! That is why we must never waver. That is what awaits us if we fail."↵-Djeru, initiate of Tah crop
Cursed Monstrosity①"Run away! It's an . . . um . . . run away!"↵-Nomad sentry
Cursed Rack①Ashnod invented several torture techniques that could make victims even miles away beg for mercy as if the End had come.
Cursed Ronin①"You are fortunate, my enemy. You have paid the price but once. I never stop paying."
Cursed Totem①"Sorry, Great One, but did I hear correctly? I'm to entrust this powerful artifact to our *worst* researchers?"↵-Flesdrim, Cabal servant
Cursed Totem①Pass me from soul to soul / soldier to herder, herder to beast, beast to soil / until I am everywhere. / Then pass me those souls.↵-Totem inscription (translated)
Cursed Totem①Pass me from soul to soul, / soldier to herder, herder to beast, beast to soil / until I am everywhere. / Then pass me those souls.↵-Totem inscription (translated)
Curtain of Light①"Paint gold upon the wind, Shape the wind into a shield, And vanish behind the brightness."↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Curtains' Call①"We give the audience what they want."↵-Juri, proprietor of the Juri Revue
Custodi Lich①"Keeping order is a task too important to relinquish in death."↵-Abrado, Custodi priest
Custodian of the Trove①Silumgar delights in repurposing the treasures of other clans to serve his own ravenous greed.
Custody Battle①Goblins resolve disputes by splitting everything straight down the middle.
Customs Depot①A bribe is always faster than filling out paperwork.
Cut Down①"There can be no mercy, no half measures. When facing Phyrexians, it's kill swiftly or die."↵-Jodah
Cut a Deal①"It's a win-win arrangement. I just happen to win the most."↵-Duke Thalamra Vanthampur
Cut of the Profits①Everybody is worth their weight in gold.
Cut the Earthly Bond①"The more kami that passed through the veil that separated them from our world, the weaker that veil became, threatening to tear into tatters at the slightest pressure."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Cut the Tethers①"You cannot bar the path of gods. You can only divert their journey for a while."↵-Sensei Hisoka
Cutthroat Contender①The fights may sometimes be rigged, but the front-row spectators know the wounds are real.
Cutthroat Maneuver①"Our ambition drives us forward. Together we will claim what is ours, no matter who holds it."
Cutthroat il-Dal①Her blades slashed across the noble's shadow. He scoffed, then fell over dead.
Cybernetica Datasmith①"Engaging Protector protocol."
Cycle of Life①Thus does nature assert herself.
Cyclone Sire①The rampaging Roil creates life out of the most volatile elements.
Cyclone Summoner①Frost giants study for centuries in isolation, honing their ability to harness elemental mayhem.
Cyclonic Rift①"Oh, *that's* what that switch does!"
Cyclonic Rift①The Izzet specialize in unnatural disaster.
Cyclopean Giant①A tomb-eye may remain shut for centuries. It opens when it sees a world as twisted and hollow as the wretch beneath its lid.
Cyclopean Mummy①The ritual of plucking out an eye to gain future sight is but a curse that enables the living to see their own deaths.
Cyclopean Snare①The spoiled, gluttonous halls of the Orzhov teem with gaudy, needless wealth. Even their security measures are made for beauty first, efficiency second.
Cyclops Electromancer①Every storm has an eye.
Cyclops Tyrant①A single eye, blinded by rage.
Cyclops of Eternal Fury①"The anger that festers inside this one is contagious."↵-Anthousa of Setessa
Cyclops of One-Eyed Pass①The Champion armed herself to face the cyclops, heedless of her companions' despair. "How will you defeat it with only one spear?" asked young Althemone. The Champion raised her weapon. "It has but one eye."↵-*The Theriad*
Cylian Elf①From her sunsail tent high above the forest floor, an elf harkener can hear the footfalls of a single creature through the cacophony of Naya's jungle sounds.
Cylian Sunsinger①"The sun shines bright upon the strong."
Cystbearer①Phyrexia strives to simulate natural life, but it can't resist improving on the design.
Cytoshape①"Though highly effective at reshaping flesh, these specially bred cytoplasts leave the subject reeking of omnibian mucus."↵-Simic research notes
D'Avenant Archer①Avenant's archers are also trained as poets, so that each arrow is guided by a fragment of verse.
D'Avenant Healer①"One arrow keenly fired might prevent more battlefield wounds than I could treat."
D'Avenant Trapper①"Go swiftly, clever arrow, and teach↵The philosophy of stillness."↵-D'Avenant verse
Daemogoth Titan①"Of course it offered you power. Demons always do. But trust me-the sweeter the prize, the more ruinous the price."↵-Professor Onyx
Daemogoth Woe-Eater①"Your pain for my wisdom. You'll get no better deal."
Dagger Caster①"Keep coming. I have knives enough for everyone."
Daggerback Basilisk①"Petrifying gaze, deadly fangs, knifelike dorsal spines, venomous saliva . . . Am I missing anything? . . . Toxic bones? Seriously?"↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Daggerback Basilisk①Its ventricles weep venom, and it consumes only poison.
Daggerclaw Imp①The Simic use the claws as scalpels, while the Rakdos use them for tattooing and torture. The Gruul use them to pick their teeth after lunching on the rest of the carcass.
Daggerdrome Imp①One of the many reasons why open-air markets close at dusk.
Daggersail Aeronaut①"Coming down is the best part!"
Daghatar the Adamant①"Our victories will protect a thousand generations."
Daily Regimen①What self-indulgence tears down, discipline builds up again.
Dakkon Blackblade①"My power is as vast as the plains, my strength is that of mountains. Each wave that crashes upon the shore thunders like blood in my veins." -*Memoirs*
Dakkon Blackblade①"My power is as vast as the plains, my strength is that of mountains. Each wave that crashes upon the shore thunders like blood in my veins."↵-Dakkon Blackblade, Memoirs
Dakkon Blackblade①"My power is as vast as the plains; my strength is that of mountains. Each wave that crashes upon the shore thunders like blood in my veins."↵-Dakkon Blackblade, *Memoirs*
Dakkon Blackblade①The Blackblade determines not who is right, but who is left.
Dakmor Bat①The bat thrives on what underestimates it.
Dakmor Ghoul①"Cursed be the sickly forms that err from honest Nature's rule!"↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "Locksley Hall"
Dakmor Lancer①The darkness of his shield reflects the inky blackness of his soul.
Dakmor Plague①The tiniest cough can be deadlier than the fiercest dragon.
Dakmor Scorpion①A scorpion this big you won't find curled up in your boot. Maybe *around* your boot, but not *in* it.
Dakra Mystic①Choices are rarely as simple as they seem.
Dalakos, Crafter of Wonders①His imagination soars from the depths of the sea to the heights of the heavens.
Damia, Sage of Stone①Ask your query and be on your way. Just don't look her in the eye.
Damnable Pact①"Silumgar's mind is a dark labyrinth, full of grim secrets and subtle traps."↵-Siara, the Dragon's Mouth
Damnation①All deeds once committed, repaid now in kind.
Damnation①Their bodies rotted, their bones splintered, and their souls frayed to tatters. Only then were they granted the mercy of death.
Damning Verdict①"Guilty as charged!"
Dampening Pulse①"Quiet now, you dreadful vermin."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem roilmage
Damping Field①Eventually, mages learned to harness the power of natural damping fields and use it for their own ends.
Damping Matrix①The priests tried cursing it. The mages tried dispelling it. In the end, they all obeyed it.
Damping Sphere①A Thran relic, it has spent ten thousand years doing absolutely nothing.
Dance of Shadows①"Only one man survived, barely sane. He got out two words before collapsing: shadows' shadows."
Dance of the Skywise①The Ojutai believe in the Great Wheel: those who best serve the dragonlord are destined to be reborn as dragons.
Dance with Devils①Devils sow chaos and reap panic.
Dancing Scimitar①A blade that has never known sheath, a hilt that has never known hand.
Dancing Scimitar①Bobbing merrily from opponent to opponent, the scimitar began adding playful little flourishes to its strokes; it even turned a couple of somersaults.
Dandan①"Catch good today. Start replacing crew tomorrow."↵-Faysal al-Mousa, fisher captain, log
Dangerous Wager①"C'mon friend, take a turn tossing the knucklebones. What've you got to lose?"↵-Tobias, trader of Erdwal
Danitha Capashen, Paragon①"I will protect the less fortunate. I will love bravely. I will face despair and fight on. As a Capashen, I can do no less."
Dapper Shieldmate①Descended from Old Capenna's paladins, the Brokers are masters of defensive combat.
Daraja Griffin①"And the flamingos said, 'Get out of our nest-we can't be seen with the likes of you!' So, the griffin ate them."↵-Azeworai, "The Ugly Bird"
Darba①Legend has it the darba gave up its wings in return for an extra stomach.
Darien, King of Kjeldor①"With his dream of unification fulfilled, Darien became the last king of Kjeldor. Those who followed were known as the kings of New Argive."↵-*Kjeldor: Ice Civilization*
Darigaaz's Attendant①"Darigaaz is the breath of the ur-dragon, burning away the burdens of mortality."
Daring Apprentice①"I've seen my master do this a hundred times. How hard can it be?"
Daring Apprentice①In front of every great wizard is a doomed apprentice.
Daring Buccaneer①No ancient lore ties the pirates of the Brazen Coalition to the Immortal Sun. But it's a powerful ancient artifact in a city of gold-what's not to covet?
Daring Demolition①Living so close to death gives the aetherborn an unusual perspective on risk.
Daring Escape①As the Adversary's forces descended upon the gala, Elspeth whispered to Giada, "I can get you out of here, but we have to go now."
Daring Leap①Most warriors think in only two dimensions. Agnate and his metathran brethren were trained to battle in three.
Daring Saboteur①"They'll never see me coming."
Daring Skyjek①"The hard part isn't landing in the saddle. The hard part is leaping before you see it."
Daring Sleuth①"No matter the cost, I must discover the source of these strange happenings."
Daring Thief①Honesty is the first casualty of war.
Dark Banishing①"Femeref was guided by the wisdom of the Council of Voices. But in one terrible instant, they were slain, leaving Asmira as the sole voice of leadership."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Dark Banishing①"Ha, banishment? Be merciful, say 'death,' For exile hath more terror in his look, Much more than death."↵-William Shakespeare, *Romeo and Juliet*
Dark Banishing①"Hence 'banishèd' is banished from the world, / And the world's exile is death."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*Romeo and Juliet*
Dark Banishing①"It is the way of most wizards to begin by exiling themselves and to end by exiling everyone else."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Dark Banishing①"Will not the mountains quake and hills melt at the coming of the darkness? Share this vision with your enemies, Lim-Dul, and they shall wither."↵-Leshrac, Walker of Night
Dark Bargain①"I have pustules of the great Ratadrabik, very cheap. No? Surely you'll want a tincture of Nevinyrral's pulverized remains. Genuine!"
Dark Bargain①"The poacher's trade isn't monster parts. It's myth. People pay to be part of the fantasy."↵-Kelsien, the Plague
Dark Betrayal①"You're just like me: ruthless, cunning, and ambitious. Obviously you're a threat."↵-Basarios the Blade
Dark Confidant①Greatness, at any cost.
Dark Deal①The first khans of the Sultai relied on the magic of the rakshasa to ensure the survival of the clan.
Dark Favor①When he began to curse what he held holy, his strength grew unrivaled.
Dark Heart of the Wood①"The soil here is rich with the rotting dead, and the sun's fingers barely penetrate the dark canopy. Plant our brethren here. This shall be our sanctuary."↵-Savra
Dark Heart of the Wood①Even the Goblins shun this haunted place, where the tree limbs twist in agony and the ground seems to scuttle under your feet.
Dark Impostor①"Ah, this is a nice life. I can see why you were so desperate to keep it."
Dark Inquiry①"Your mind is no longer yours to waste."
Dark Maze①"Stray not into the path of darkness, or be lost forever."↵-Baki, Wizard Attendant
Dark Maze①"Stray not onto the path of darkness, or be lost forever."↵-Baki, wizard attendant
Dark Maze①"The path of faith is fortunately fraught with failure."↵-Irini Sengir
Dark Nourishment①Demons lurk in the shadows of ancient ruins, spreading plague and corruption across the land.
Dark Offering①"Our greatest hope has become our enemy's greatest triumph."↵-Court counselor
Dark Offering①"Our greatest hope has become our enemy's greatest triumph."↵-Restela, Alaborn marshal
Dark Privilege①"As you breathe your last, understand why I accept such forbidden gifts."↵-Purraj of Urborg
Dark Prophecy①When the bog ran short on small animals, Ekri turned to the surrounding farmlands.
Dark Remedy①"Writhing tendrils of darkness stitched him back together. Though his will and body both were broken, the necromancer's magic would not let him rest."↵-Krinnea, *Siege of the Bone Spire*
Dark Revenant①The murderer faced justice in the Azorius courts, but his soul was set free on a technicality.
Dark Ritual①"Eye of twilight, give us sight. Take our offer, give us might. Make our power tears of night."
Dark Ritual①"From void evolved Phyrexia. Great Yawgmoth, Father of Machines, saw its perfection. Thus The Grand Evolution began."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Dark Ritual①"From void evolved Phyrexia. Great Yawgmoth, Father of Machines, saw its perfection. Thus the Grand Evolution began."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Dark Ritual①"If there is such a thing as too much power, I have not discovered it."↵-Volrath
Dark Ritual①"Leshrac, my liege, grant me the power I am due."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Dark Ritual①"Praise Nurgle! For the plague to have progressed so quickly, truly his blessing must be upon us!"↵-Ku'gath Plaguefather
Dark Ritual①"The ceremony ended with a voice from the shadows, a voice with vast, ominous power."↵-Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Dark Ritual①"They distrust my methods, but when they want results, whom do you think they seek?"↵-*Incantations of Lim-Dul*
Dark Salvation①Countless ghouls surged through Thraben's streets, and with them came the city's salvation.
Dark Sphere①"I was struck senseless for a moment, but revived when the strange curiosity I carried fell to the ground, screaming like a dying animal."↵-Barl, Lord Ith
Dark Supplicant①Cabal clerics serve two masters: their patriarch and their god.
Dark Suspicions①"After four thousand years, you learn to plan for betrayal."↵-Urza
Dark Temper①When you've got the temperament of a dragon, every argument is one you'll win.
Dark Triumph①All that's left is the coronation.
Dark Tutelage①"It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness."↵-Seneca, *Epistles*, trans. Gummere
Dark-Dweller Oracle①Eyes are unnecessary for seeing the future.
Darkblade Agent①"I've seen your house, and you've been a lovely, if unwitting, host. But at last it's time for farewells."
Darkbore Pathway①"Hush, and stay still. No matter how dreary the darkness, a light in the Skelle Mire is never a good sign."↵-Haugar, Kannah wayfinder
Darkest Hour①"Yawgmoth spent eons wrapping Phyrexians in human skin. They are the sleeper agents, and they are everywhere."↵-Xantcha, to Urza
Darkest Hour①The eclipse made it clear whose side the sky was on.
Darkheart Sliver①"At first we thought we were in some haunted wood. Then the branches twisted and scuttled toward us."↵-Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Darkling Stalker①"In this dark place, yes, I *am* afraid of my own shadow."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Darklit Gargoyle①It shines in the darkness of its master's ambitions.
Darkmoss Bridge①The path to power is forged in ruthlessness.
Darkness①"If I must die, I will encounter darkness as a bride, / And hug it in mine arms."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*Measure for Measure*
Darkness①"If I must die, I will encounter darkness as a bride,/ And hug it in my arms." -William Shakespeare, *Measure for Measure*
Darkness①By the physical laws of the universe, darkness is merely the absence of light. Necrons can harness the power of other dimensions, where darkness is tangible and moldable.
Darkslick Drake①At the edge of the Mephidross, Phyrexia's influence seeps into life and land.
Darkslick Shores①Where the Mephidross leaches into the Quicksilver Sea, the waves writhe with necrogen.
Darksteel Axe①Heavier than it looks, tricky to wield, guaranteed to last.
Darksteel Citadel①Panopticon, forge of the Darksteel Eye, home of Mirrodin's keeper.
Darksteel Citadel①Structures built from darksteel yield to neither assault nor age.
Darksteel Forge①"Did it have this shape upon Mirrodin's creation, or did some inconceivable force shape the unshapable?"↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Darksteel Forge①"It is as if this world has been expecting our blessings."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Darksteel Gargoyle①The ultimate treasure is one that guards itself.
Darksteel Ingot①"It reflects the purity of Mirrodin-that-was."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Darksteel Ingot①The lich poured his soul into a new phylactery. True immortality was finally at his fingertips.
Darksteel Juggernaut①One part unstoppable force, one part immovable object.
Darksteel Mutation①Infinitely powerless.
Darksteel Plate①"If there can be no victory, then I will fight forever."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Darksteel Relic①"It's the last thing we can call our own."↵-Minhu, Mirran resistance
Darkthicket Wolf①Werewolf slayers don't know for certain how werewolves are created. So they kill all the wolves, just to be safe.
Darkwater Catacombs①Murky Otarian tides hide the forgotten treacheries of the Phyrexian war.
Darkwater Catacombs①The Chapter's honored dead are interred in the Hall of Heroes, where the mineral-rich water of the catacombs slowly fossilizes their bones, preserving them for all time.
Darkwater Catacombs①Underdark flooding has swallowed ancient drow burial chambers, which are now haunted . . . and infested with oozes.
Darkwater Egg①"Do you thirst for knowledge no matter the cost?"↵-Watnik, master glassblower
Darling of the Masses①The people flocked to the glittering parade, turning their backs on the threats in the shadows.
Darting Merfolk①You might as well try to catch water with a net.
Daru Lancer①Although the Order frowned upon his preparations for the pits, behind closed doors most saw the fights as a necessary evil.
Daru Spiritualist①He lifts the spirits of his people so they may descend in wrath upon their foes.
Daru Warchief①His victories speak for him.
Dash Hopes①"Focus an enemy's mind on what's already gone, and it's easier to take away more."↵-Holux, stronghold racketeer
Daughter of Autumn①"Those who say that Serra is dead have never met the Autumn Willow's daughters. They are as kind and as generous as Serra would wish us to be."↵-Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Daunting Defender①"I will wield the stone of my homeland as though it were the fists of the Ancestor."
Dauntless Avenger①"It was Sigarda who lifted me from despair and gave me the strength to fight on."
Dauntless Aven①In the chaos brought by the new gods, swift-winged aven served as pathfinders, leading the last of the people away from the ruins of Naktamun.
Dauntless Bodyguard①The Benalish aristocracy is hereditary, but the loyalty of its subjects is earned.
Dauntless Cathar①"The harder they try to extinguish my faith, the brighter it burns in the darkness."
Dauntless Escort①Elspeth's squires do not seek advancement. For them, no knightly glory could surpass the glory of serving their champion.
Dauntless Onslaught①"The people of Akros must learn from our leonin adversaries. If we match their staunch ferocity with our superior faith, we cannot fail."↵-Cymede, queen of Akros
Dauntless River Marshal①"Thieves and squid squirm the same way when you capture them."
Dauntless Survivor①"I've got a little surprise for you, beasties! Come and get it!"
Dauthi Cutthroat①In their twisted logic, to empty the shadow world is to escape it.
Dauthi Embrace①"The Dauthi army grows by screams and bounds."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Jackal①"All Dauthi are jackals, regardless of breed."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Jackal①"All dauthi are jackals, regardless of breed."↵-Lyna, soltari emissary
Dauthi Marauder①"The Dauthi came from beneath the Ruins one night, and the darkness cast them in the best possible light."↵-Soltari *Tales of Life*
Dauthi Marauder①"The dauthi came from beneath the ruins one night, and the darkness cast them in the best possible light."↵-Soltari Tales of Life
Dauthi Mercenary①"The Dauthi believe they dignify murder by paying for it."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Slayer①"A wisp of life remains in the undergloom of Death: a visible form, though no heart beats within it."↵-Homer, *The Iliad*, trans. Fitzgerald
Dauthi Slayer①"They have knives for every soul."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Slayer①"They have knives for every soul."↵-Lyna, soltari emissary
Dauthi Trapper①Merfolk tell their young of Dandan, humans of Rag Man. Dal tell tales of the Dauthi, and they are far worse.
Davriel's Shadowfugue①Shadows coiled around the witness's mind. Then the moment vanished, leaving only the sting of its loss.
Dawn Elemental①It was midnight on the Daru Plains, yet it seemed the sun was rising.
Dawn Evangel①Is there a greater promise than the glory of the sunrise?
Dawn Gryff①After facing so many horrors, the survivors of Videns parish couldn't comprehend the hope that the gryff represented.
Dawn of Hope①"To wage war, secure peace within yourself."↵-Emmara
Dawn to Dusk①"The numbers of Nyxborn among us have swelled. Is this a sign of the gods' favor, or does it portend something else?"
Dawn's Reflection①Only Sylvok magic could truly capture the perfection of a Mirrodin sunrise.
Dawnbringer Charioteers①"Nyx may belong to the gods, but the skies of Theros are ours."
Dawnfeather Eagle①"It came to rest upon the angel's arm, and then the weight of their gazes fell upon me."↵-Aeronaut's journal
Dawnglade Regent①"Every creature in the glade paused and stared. Overcome, I bowed to the beast."↵-Endril, Kalonian naturalist
Dawnglare Invoker①"What we knew as Emeria, Ula, and Cosi were not divine beings at all, but a cruel trick, and a grave error."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Dawnglow Infusion①Dawnglove bloom is a potent nostrum, but the dawnglow brewed from its sap is nothing less than life itself.
Dawnhart Disciple①"Our coven finds strength in nature and purpose in serving our communities."
Dawnhart Geist①"Our bodies may lie slain, but perhaps we can still complete the ritual. I'd rather not spend my afterlife in this wretched eternal night."
Dawnhart Rejuvenator①"Wherever there is life, there is power for one who knows the old ways."
Dawnhart Wardens①"The balance of day and night is shattered. We must find the Moonsilver Key."
Dawning Angel①"As the sun rose behind the Bone Spire, an angel appeared over the charnel fields, bringing a surge of new hope."↵-Krinnea, *Siege of the Bone Spire*
Dawnray Archer①Their shots are fired most often as signals-or at those who didn't get the message.
Dawnstrider①Morning's mists can hide many things.
Dawnstrike Paladin①She crushes darkness beneath her charger's hooves.
Dawntreader Elk①Silent as winter snow, it seeks wild places unspoiled by the walking dead.
Daxos's Torment①The terrors of the Underworld travel alongside those who return to the mortal realm.
Day of Destiny①"If you wish to die as a hero, you must first live as one."↵-General Takeno
Day of Destiny①"Rise like the sun, stand like the mountain, charge like the lion, die as a hero."↵-General Takeno
Day of Judgment①"I have seen planes leveled and all life rendered to dust. It brought no pleasure, even to a heart as dark as mine."↵-Sorin Markov
Day of Judgment①"This must not become common knowledge. The consequences of such a spell are too great. Lock it away in the restricted archive, and destroy its record in the catalog."↵-Director Taiva, to Isabough
Daybreak Chaplain①"May the light shine through me to guide the lost."
Daybreak Charger①It's often mistaken for the coming dawn as it gallops across the horizon.
Daybreak Combatants①After weeks of unending darkness, a glimpse of dawn was all the people of Stensia needed to rekindle their will to fight.
Daybreak Coronet①"Let the deception of the gods yield to the pure light of day."↵-Brimaz, king of Oreskos
Daysquad Marshal①"The night emboldens many monsters, but the mightiest will attack in broad daylight."
Dazzling Ramparts①When Anafenza holds court under the First Tree, the gates of Mer-Ek are sealed. No safer place exists in all of Tarkir.
Dazzling Reflection①"The light of a felidar's horns can give even an Eldrazi pause."↵-Zarra, lullmage
Dead Drop①Got a diving lesson↵-Sultai expression meaning "was fed to the crocodiles"
Dead Reckoning①Many venture out to hunt for treasures. Others lie in wait to hunt the hunters.
Dead Reveler①He's the unlife of the party.
Dead Revels①You're only as dead as you feel.
Dead Ringers①"Beautiful, isn't it?" crowed Crovax. "They fought together. Now they will die together."
Dead Weight①"Dungeons and cages offer far too little sport."↵-Relio Voldaren
Dead Weight①"You're not my quarry, little one. I'm after whatever comes to investigate your cries."↵-Kelsien, the Plague
Dead Weight①All things considered, his first day on patrol could have gone better.
Dead Weight①The crueler vampires' idea of free-range farming.
Dead of Winter①"At last, silence."↵-Tevesh Szat
Deadapult①"Nothing ruins your day like a blazing zombie."↵-Tahngarth
Deadbeat Attendant①Some people will hire anyone with a pulse. Myra isn't that picky.
Deadbridge Goliath①Some Golgari insects live for centuries-and they never stop growing.
Deadbridge Shaman①Ending her life won't end the infestation.
Deadeye Harpooner①"It seems there's even better hunting down here."
Deadeye Plunderers①"Keep your friends close and your enemies within range."
Deadeye Quartermaster①"Welcome aboard, mate! You're going to need this."
Deadeye Rig-Hauler①"Up you go, you soggy rat."
Deadeye Tormentor①Despite their noble heritage, the pirates of the Deadeye Fleet are known for underhanded tactics and despicable trickery.
Deadhead①"I'm back from the Dead," the zombie moaned. "And they were far out, man."
Deadly Alliance①"He could handle any one of us, but he's no match for all of us!"
Deadly Allure①What could be more irresistible than death?
Deadly Brew①No one ever asked what was in Dina's concoctions, so long as they worked.
Deadly Dispute①"That's a pretty ring! Trade you my knife for it."
Deadly Insect①"Beautiful, indeed-but one sting could fell a Giant in a heartbeat."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Deadly Insect①"There is no time for pain when this beast leaves its terrible sting."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Deadly Insect①With his newfound sense of self-importance, Squee set his sights on ever-bigger bugs.
Deadly Recluse①Even dragons fear its silken strands.
Deadly Rollick①Otrimi was disappointed at how quickly its new friend got tired and stopped playing.
Deadly Tempest①When the winds blow out of the abyss, death is the only harvest.
Deadly Vanity①She cast a spell to purge all weakness. When the ink cleared, she stood alone.
Deadly Wanderings①"Seclusion is only an option for the strong."↵-Sorin Markov
Deadshot Minotaur①"May the earth rise up to meet you."
Deadshot①"Carrion! Keep your distance. My blade will come to you!"↵-Crovax
Deafening Clarion①"Commander, what's the signal to attack?"↵"You'll know."
Deafening Silence①"They have forsaken their vows. The edict of the Circle demands their voices be silenced."↵-Syr Tasdale, knight of Ardenvale
Deal Damage①Until he got singed . . .
Deal Gone Bad①"Feed the rumor mills with delicious treachery. Bad blood between those two is a good deal for us."↵-Kamiz, Obscura Oculus
Dearly Departed①"Never forget our ancestors. They have not forgotten us."↵-Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Death Baron①For the necromancer barons, killing and recruitment are one and the same.
Death Bomb①There's no higher honor in Phyrexia than dying for Yawgmoth's glorious vision.
Death Charmer①It vents the chill of the grave.
Death Cloud①The swarm's million wings stir the foulest of breezes.
Death Cultist①Death inevitably seduces all who study it.
Death Denied①Takenuma was filled with a chorus of moans, shrieks, and wails. Some came from the living, some from the dying, and some, most horribly, from the dead.
Death Frenzy①The crocodiles' putrid jaws swallow everything but the screams.
Death Grasp①Plate mail, the skin of the chest, the rib cage, the heart-all useless against the mage who can reach directly for the soul.
Death Grasp①Yawgmoth's greatest joy came from watching one hero defeat another.
Death Match①The Cabal breeds many things for the pit fights, but it never breeds compassion.
Death Pit Offering①"Kill them all and feed them to the new recruits."↵-Crovax
Death Pit Offering①"Kill them all and feed them to the new recruits."↵-Crovax, ascendant evincar
Death Pits of Rath①"Neither could I forget what I had read of these pits-that the *sudden* extinction of life formed no part of their most horrible plan."↵-Edgar Allan Poe,↵"The Pit and the Pendulum"
Death Pits of Rath①"Neither could I forget what I had read of these pits-that the sudden extinction of life formed no part of their most horrible plan."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "The Pit and the Pendulum"
Death Pits of Rath①As the sludge below began to shift and take shapes, Gerrard turned from the railing to Orim. "I suppose," he said, "it's a little too late for prayer, isn't it?"
Death Speakers①"Such innocent little birds. They sing a sweet song, sitting on their fragile branch."↵-Grandmother Sengir
Death Speakers①"The dead may be beyond the law, but speaking the wisdom of the dead will afford no protection!"↵-Calmont, Aysen bureaucrat
Death Stroke①For a sharp second, Selenia froze, and Crovax's blade found home, As the angel shattered like glass, Crovax felt his mind collapse-the curse had been fulfilled.
Death Stroke①For a sharp second, Selenia froze, and Crovax's blade found home. As the angel shattered like glass, Crovax felt his mind collapse-the curse had been fulfilled.
Death Ward①"Sometimes, a soul is not ready to complete its journey to the next world."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Death Watch①"Watch death wait / Wait, death, watch / Steal breath swiftly / but steal life slowly."↵-Suq'Ata dirge
Death Wind①"I am a dragonslayer for Lord Silumgar. There is no dragon save him whom I fear."↵-Xathi the Infallible
Death Wind①Leukin stared at the smoldering angel feathers. "Run!" he screamed to his patrol. "We don't stand a chance!"
Death Wish①He wished for power, but not for the longevity to abuse it.
Death by Dragons①Suddenly, Eldo felt very alone.
Death's Approach①"It's cold in the grave, and the dead crave your warmth. Who are you to deny them?"↵-Strava, Dimir mage
Death's Caress①The faint smell of cloves, the rustling of the wind, and a paralyzing descent into an airless, fathomless tomb.
Death's Duet①Life has always been a dance. It is only fitting that death sing the tune.
Death's Presence①"We traffic in flesh, not souls. Still, it's a shame to let anything go to waste."↵-Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Death's Presence①The Genestealer Cults rejoiced at the arrival of their gods . . . at first.
Death's Shadow①It's said that death mourns every soul it claims and lovingly crafts a mask for each of the departed.
Death's Shadow①The shadow of the candle looms tall even as its light grows dim.
Death's-Head Buzzard①Infested with vermin, ever hungering, dropping from night's sky.
Death-Hood Cobra①"Size alone does not guarantee survival."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Death-Priest of Myrkul①"The Reaper bids you rise!"
Deathbellow Raider①"The temple has been rededicated. It belongs to Mogis now."↵-Rastos, disciple of Mogis
Deathbellow War Cry①Deathbellow Canyon echoes with the roars of minotaurs calling each other to battle.
Deathbloom Gardener①"I can provide the Coalition with poisons that will break down Phyrexian machinery as easily as they stop the heart."
Deathbloom Thallid①"Nature is not always gentle or kind, but all life begets life."↵-Marwyn of Llanowar
Deathbonnet Hulk①They grow up so fast.
Deathcap Cultivator①The old hermit would never say what he fed his mushrooms, and people learned not to ask.
Deathcap Glade①Deadly mushrooms litter these woods, each waiting for an errant footstep to release its noxious spores.
Deathcult Rogue①"The hussars can't catch him, and he evades our traps with ease. I fear he walks unseen even in the halls of New Prahv."↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Deathcurse Ogre①After their worship of oni began, only a few of Kamigawa's ogres remained in the bitter cold of the Tendo Peaks. Most were drawn to the darkness of Takenuma.
Deathgaze Cockatrice①"Sometimes I come across a stone finger or foot and I know I'm in cockatrice territory."↵-Rulak, bog guide
Deathgazer①Your entire life passes before its eyes.
Deathgreeter①"The bones of allies grant wisdom. The bones of enemies grant strength. The bones of dragons grant life eternal."
Deathgrip①"Every forest is carpeted with the corpses of a thousand trees."↵-Baron Sengir to Autumn Willow
Deathknell Berserker①"Sven felled the elf with an arrow through the chest, but moments later, the corpse rose with a sneer to fight again."↵-*Longbeard Saga*
Deathleaper, Terror Weapon①Created to break will and bone with equal ferocity.
Deathless Ancient①"Ancient one, we have reached the promised shore. The Immortal Sun is near. Drink and awake."
Deathless Angel①"I should have died that day, but I suffered not a scratch. I awoke in a lake of blood, none of it apparently my own."↵-*The War Diaries*
Deathless Behemoth①"Over and over it rose. Over and over we fell."↵-Ganda, Goma Fada deserter
Deathless Knight①"Headed to the wilds? Beware the dead riders who serve the Shadow Queen."↵-Scalan, Edgewall innkeeper
Deathmark Prelate①Death is a secret he is willing to share.
Deathmark①"I hope it's true that every snowflake is unique, because I never want to see one like this again. Now clean up that body."↵-Thangbrand Gyrdsson, Kjeldoran patrol
Deathmark①"Let the final vision of doom be etched upon their unblinking eyes."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Deathmark①Even the noblest of intentions and strongest of wills inevitably crumble into dust.
Deathmark①There are few ways to escape the deathmark: bargaining with a demon, washing in the fabled waters of youth, and of course, death.
Deathmask Nezumi①"We had him cornered, we did . . . and, well, you know what they say about rats."↵-Araba patrol survivor
Deathreap Ritual①"All who set foot in Paliano are pawns in someone's play for power."↵-Marchesa, the Black Rose
Deathsprout①"They say nothing lasts forever. I say everything lasts forever, just not in the form you may be accustomed to."↵-Vraska
Debilitating Injury①"If weakness does not exist within the Temur then we shall force it upon them."↵-Sidisi, khan of the Sultai
Debilitating Injury①Weakness exists within all who are not dragons.
Debt of Loyalty①"I killed him because I had to," Starke lied to Gerrard. "But now I pledge my loyalty to you."
Debt to the Deathless①Some of Orzhov's cruelest collectors remember their debtors by taste alone.
Debt to the Kami①The masters weren't speaking figuratively when they said guilt could be all-consuming.
Debtor's Pulpit①"You may not be able to pay. But you can still kneel."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Debtors' Knell①One moment, conscious only of a sense of repose. The next moment, hearing the trudge of his own footsteps. He sighed and squinted into the glare ahead.
Debtors' Transport①By design, the sarcophagus muffles the debtors' moans but does not silence them.
Decanter of Endless Water①"Now, remember: Under no circumstances should you utter the word 'geyser' in the same room as-oh, blast it!"↵-Bindlehaim, Upper City merchant
Deception①Believing they wrote the forged letter that had been stolen from Zhou Yu, Cao Cao rashly executed his two best admirals for treason.
Decimate①"Anyone can admire creation. Only a barbarian sees the beauty in demolition."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Decimate①Anarchy comes in many forms: social, individual, Gruul . . .
Decimator Web①Mycosynth grew unfettered beneath the black lacuna, metastasizing into a matrix of noxious energy.
Decision Paralysis①"Eyes see only what is possible. A trained mind can explore the impossible."↵-Kefnet, god of knowledge
Decisions, Decisions①To B, or not to B.
Decisive Denial①"I've heard enough."
Declaration in Stone①The message was clear to Sorin-Nahiri had paid Markov Manor a visit.
Declaration of Naught①Every story, even a faerie tale, comes to an end.
Declare Dominance①"If you think yourself a chief, then prove your might."↵-Gar-Tun, Mistvalley silverback
Decoction Module①Progress leads to inspiration.
Decommission①"A key weakness in the design is its vulnerability to repeated, forceful blows."
Decompose①"Sheesh! How am I supposed to make a decent living around here?"↵-Cabal grave robber
Deconstruct①"Nothing in this world, not even magic, likes to be caged."
Decorated Champion①The oddsmakers hate him because every fight is a foregone conclusion. The crowd loves him for exactly the same reason.
Decorated Griffin①The awards and medals of polis-dwellers mean nothing to griffins, but they repay acts of generosity.
Decoy Gambit①"We'll distract them. The rest of you, get out of here!"↵-Alux, Skysail defender
Dedicated Martyr①"If he's so willing to suffer for his cause, then by all means, let us oblige him."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Deep Analysis①"No fact escapes me. Why do you think you can?"
Deep Analysis①"The specimen seems to be broken."
Deep Freeze①For cryomancers, studying the Ice Age isn't just an academic exercise.
Deep-Sea Kraken①The rift remained open for days, sluicing ancient seawater. It closed only after the last great tentacle squirmed its way through.
Deep-Sea Serpent①Sailors fear the deep-sea serpent; others thank the gods it has no legs.
Deep-Sea Terror①After stripping the sunken ships, it rises to the surface for another helping.
Deep-Slumber Titan①Do not disturb.
Deepchannel Mentor①The rivers can no longer provide safe passage for travelers and commerce. They serve only as highways for raiders and channels for blood and woe.
Deepfire Elemental①"There are deep, deep places in this world that have long burned hot with little regard for the whitening of the earth's thin skin."↵-Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper
Deepglow Skate①"Blue, glossy green, and velvet black,↵They coiled and swam; and every track↵Was a flash of golden fire."↵-Samuel Taylor Coleridge↵"The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Deepglow Skate①Its graceful glide paints the ocean floor with strokes of luminescence.
Deeproot Champion①"No good will come from what you seek. Turn back now or suffer an ignoble death far from your home."
Deeproot Elite①"You think I stand alone? I have the forest at my call, the waters at my back. I outnumber you."
Deeproot Warrior①"We breathe from our soul and bones to give strength to the jungle. The jungle breathes from its roots and rivers to give strength to us."↵-Shaper Falani
Deeproot Waters①A visit to the Deeproot Tree and its ancient spring replenishes a merfolk's connection to nature.
Deeptread Merrow①"My success at navigating the Dark Meanders irritates the Inkfathom school. They consider themselves peerless divers, but I try to remind them that they cannot own commodities like bravery and cunning."
Deepwater Hypnotist①"Watch the waves too long, and you may never look away."↵-Meletian proverb
Deepwood Denizen①"You didn't come all this way just to bother me, did you? Say your piece and be gone."
Deepwood Drummer①His drums echo Deepwood's heartbeat.
Deepwood Elder①They'd guarded the Henge so long that they were as attuned to the powerstones as they were to the trees.
Deepwood Ghoul①They feed on the living to stay undead.
Deepwood Tantiv①A single tantiv is just as dangerous as a herd.
Deepwood Wolverine①The jhovalls are depleting its food sources, the Mercadians are eroding its home, and you're wondering why it's angry?
Deface①"Leave no stone unturned."↵-Ruric Thar
Defang①Once vampires are disarmed, they're given wooden swords and forced to assist in the training of Midnight Duelists.
Defeat①"Wars are decided one life at a time."↵-Gvar Barzeel, Kolaghan warrior
Defective Detective①Nothing gets by her . . . except the evidence, the motive, and the culprit.
Defend the Campus①Professors scrambled to push the mage hunters back, leaving the heart of Strixhaven undefended.
Defend the Celestus①Witch, werewolf, and cathar stood shoulder to shoulder around the Sungold Lock at the center of the ritual, ready to stop Tovolar's assault-or die trying.
Defend the Hearth①The defenders said not a word. Their shields, spears, and stances were warning enough.
Defender of Chaos①Some knights will not follow orders-only disorder.
Defender of Law①"It is not my place to question Radiant's rule. I exist to enforce her will."
Defenestrate①The chaplain would perhaps have found some small comfort had he known that the replacement window would be named in his honor.
Defense Grid①"A good deal of tyranny goes by the name of protection."↵-Crystal Eastman, "Equality or Protection"
Defense Grid①"We've managed to keep the goblins in their assigned areas, but there's little we can do about the smell."↵-Whip Tongue, viashino technician
Defense Grid①"Woven together, strands of aether can form a mesh of surprising stability, though such a network tends to pull power from nearby devices."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Defense Grid①It lights up the sky, beckoning enemies only to repel them.
Defensive Formation①"Your enemies will pound upon the door of your defenses, but only you shall have the key, and it is the key of life."↵-*Song of All*, canto 873
Defensive Maneuvers①"Only on the battlefield can we repay all the Order has given us."
Defensive Stance①"It isn't for fighting. It's for when the fighting's gone bad."↵-Kara Vrist, Mirran resistance
Defiant Bloodlord①"Despite their bravado, mortals are fragile. If Zendikar is to endure, its lords must save it."↵-Drana, Kalastria bloodchief
Defiant Elf①"I lost one home when Yavimaya was destroyed. I will not lose another."
Defiant Khenra①There were those who saw the death of the gods and the city's collapse as a final test of worth. Some believed it meant the God-Pharaoh had been killed. Only a few realized they had been deceived.
Defiant Ogre①"I have no clan, but I still have purpose."
Defiant Salvager①"I didn't survive that crash just so I could fall to the likes of you."
Defiant Strike①"For twelve days and twelve nights, Somat assailed the monster's shell. On the thirteenth morning, it cracked with the dawn."↵-*Heroics: A Book of Fables*
Defiant Strike①"My family was saved thanks to a single Boros soldier. It's why I joined the Legion. I will be the protector now."
Defiant Strike①"Stand where the whole battle can see you. Strike so they'll never forget."↵-Anafenza, khan of the Abzan
Defiler of Souls①"Stray not into sin, lest you face the doorman of an insatiable tomb."↵-Prayer of Asha
Defile①"Agresto, bring up the rear . . . Agresto?"↵-Sergeant Dremark Eigen, last words
Defile①The only shortcut in a bog is to the bottom.
Defiling Tears①Serra's living warriors looked on in horror. "Where is our Lady now?" they cried.
Deflecting Swat①Archmage attacks are little more than annoyances to Kalamax.
Deflection①"You've thrown your net at the wrong fish."↵-The Lord of Atlantis
Deflection①The golden rule of revenge: Do unto others what they tried to do unto you.
Deflection①Up and down,↵over and through,↵back around-↵the joke's on you.
Deft Dismissal①"With spy thopters all around, how can the consuls be so blind to Tezzeret's manipulations?"↵-Gideon Jura
Deft Duelist①Some Serul Cove rogues traffic in stolen sigils, which fetch a high price from those who would rather pay for honor than earn it.
Defy Death①Gisela cornered the murderous demon among the graves of the dead villagers. "A fitting end," she murmured as she raised her sword.
Defy Gravity①Magical or not, it's still a cloud.
Defy Gravity①On every plane in the Multiverse, there is magic, and someone is using it to fly.
Dega Disciple①"There is no true equity of power. There is only more and less."
Deglamer①The more pleasant an illusion's garb, the more indecent its form laid bare.
Dehydration①"Cry to the sun and watch as even your tears forsake you."↵-Acolyte of Marit Lage
Dehydration①"You say Saprazzo is a city built on water? I hope they have enough to wash the dust from my throat."↵-Sisay
Dehydration①The viashino used the spell to dry foods for crossing the Great Desert. The Suq'Ata later discovered its use in war.
Deicide①"It is done."↵-Elspeth
Deity of Scars①"His skin cuts swords."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Deja Vu①History is the study of repetition.
Deja Vu①The past is a mirror of the future.
Deliberate①"I can't see all that the future holds, but I can keep us one step ahead of death."
Delif's Cone①"Where is it written that beasts must cause pain?"↵-Delif, *Ponderings*
Delight in the Hunt①"Pain is a delusion of the weak. I'll demonstrate."
Delighted Killbot①"click . . . click . . . whirrrr . . . beep."
Delirium Skeins①There came a rush, a sudden fire in the mind. Then the two saw only the sooty fog of madness, heard only the crackling of their last thoughts burning away.
Delraich①It wears the souls of its victims like jewels on a chain.
Deluge①"From the sea came all life, and to the sea it will return. The sooner the better."↵-Emperor Aboshan
Delusions of Mediocrity①When nothing but second best will do.
Delver of Secrets①"If my hypothesis is correct . . ."
Delver's Torch①"Not all of us have darkvision, okay?"
Demanding Dragon①A knight's devotion to their steed goes only so far.
Dementia Bat①"When terror outweighs all other thoughts, they will understand that I am the true Father of Machines."↵-Azax-Azog, the Demon Thane
Demigod of Revenge①"His laugh, a bellowing, deathly din, slices through the heavens, making them bleed."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Demogorgon's Clutches①The good will be corrupted, the kind will be devoured, and all will be dragged into the bottomless Abyss.
Demolish①"For every inch of land they take from us, we take it back or we burn it. Give them nothing."↵-Aurelia
Demolish①"Pound the steel until it fits. Doesn't work? Bash to bits."↵-Dwarven forging song
Demolish①"This is why I hate settlements. They lull you into a false sense of security."↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Demolish①"To truly defeat a skaberen, you must destroy not the monster but the lab."↵-Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Demolish①"When fire is shackled to candle and torch, subjected to insignificance, it finds a way to lash out at its masters."↵-Vala, disciple of Purphoros
Demolish①Most came to Ghirapur for the Fair. Gremlins came for the feast.
Demolish①Nothing of nature nor of mortals can stand forever.
Demolish①What took months for human hands to carve took just seconds for the dinosaur's tail to ruin.
Demon Bolt①"Burn them from the sky."↵-Varragoth
Demon of Catastrophes①A pit yawned open, a column of oily smoke arose, and a towering form hissed, "I accept this offering."
Demon of Death's Gate①The locks on the cages of the damned are opened with keys of marrow, sinew, and blood.
Demon of Loathing①Hatred is a potent ally, but an insatiable master.
Demon's Disciple①Taborax's cultists are the latest in a long history of beings who have desired to see Zendikar torn to pieces.
Demon's Due①Ob Nixilis extends his hand not in partnership, but to affirm your subservience.
Demon's Grasp①"Take what solace you can in the knowledge that you will not be here to witness Zendikar's demise."↵-Ob Nixilis
Demon's Herald①"May these deaths be the first of many."
Demon's Horn①Its curve mimics the twists of life and death.
Demon's Jester①They knock 'em dead, with or without the punch line.
Demon-Possessed Witch①"It looks like you could use some protection of your own."
Demonic Appetite①"Morality is just shorthand for the constraints of being powerless."↵-Ob Nixilis
Demonic Bargain①"Do not try to negotiate with me, human. You want power? This is the price."↵-Ormendahl
Demonic Gifts①It began as a flavor on the tongue, like a bloody morsel of roast boar-but soon the power was a conflagration in her veins.
Demonic Hordes①Created to destroy Dominia, Demons can sometimes be bent to a more focused purpose.
Demonic Hordes①Created to destroy Dominiaria, demons can sometimes be bent to a more focused purpose.
Demonic Lore①"The greatest works of literature leave the reader forever altered."↵-Nevinyrral, Urborg tyrant
Demonic Rising①Which is the greater folly, summoning the demon or expecting gratitude from it?
Demonic Taskmaster①Subservience to greater power is the only law in the pit.
Demonic Tutor①"Demons prefer to deal with those who believe themselves too wise to be fooled."↵-Scroll case inscription
Demonic Tutor①"Mama says it's my imagination, but I know you'd never lie to me."
Demonic Tutor①Beware the generosity of demons.
Demonic Tutor①Liliana learned the secrets she sought, but at a price that was etched on her fate.
Demonic Vigor①In the Cabal, death is just another mark of devotion.
Demonmail Hauberk①It comes off as easily as your own skin.
Demonspine Whip①Using a spine to break a slave's back appeals to the Grixis sense of irony.
Demotion①There's no greater honor than joining your chosen guild, and no greater shame than failing it.
Demystify①"Illusion is a crutch for those with no grounding in reality."↵-Cho-Manno
Demystify①"The River Heralds carve spells into jade, hoping to steer us from our course. But what right do they have to keep us from that which once was ours?"
Demystify①"The truth will outshine all lies."
Demystify①Behind every mage is a trail of shattered lies.
Demystify①The Singing City was silent, the pathway stones were still, and the winds of the Howling Spire ceased.
Denied!①"Don't worry about it. It happens to every mage sooner or later."
Denizen of the Deep①According to merfolk legend, a denizen of the deep swallows the horizon at the end of each day, bringing on the cold blanket of night.
Dense Canopy①The orochi learned how to move swiftly and surely along the forest floor, like fish darting through gull-watched waters.
Dense Foliage①"Big plants not only good for hidin', but full o' tasty bugs, too."↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Deny Existence①When all logical solutions fail, try an illogical one.
Deny the Divine①"A great wave crashed, and a mighty wind blew out the stars."↵-*The Cosmogony*
Deny the Witch①"This heresy cannot stand!"
Denying Wind①"The third wind of ascension is Eliminator, clearing Keld's path to victory."↵-*Keld Triumphant*
Depart the Realm①"My home calls to me, I must go."
Deploy the Gatewatch①Gideon and Liliana may not have seen eye to eye, but that did not stop them from fighting side by side.
Deploy to the Front①"We will descend upon you like a plague of locusts to purge you from our lands!"↵-Hirov, commander of the Thousand Swords
Deploy to the Front①"When the door drops, give them a haste of the Emperor's fire!"↵-Commissar Yarrick
Depopulate①No screams rang out. No blood stained the streets. In an instant, the bustling metropolis simply fell silent.
Depraved Harvester①Once he'd tasted that dark power, there was no turning back.
Deprive①"That would have brought shame to you as a mage. Tell you what-I'll keep your secret."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Depths of Desire①Pockets full of gold, lungs full of brine.
Deputized Protester①Butcher's training, warrior's heart.
Deputy of Acquittals①"Everyone deserves a day in court."
Deranged Assistant①"Garl, adjust the slurry dispensers. Garl, fetch more corpses. Garl, quit crying and give me your brain tissue. If he doesn't stop being so rude, I'm quitting."
Deranged Outcast①Cast out by his village, he now takes grim offense at refugees who seek shelter in his forest.
Deranged Whelp①"When you confront a wolf scorned by its pack, extra caution is the order of the day."↵-Raf Gyel of the Quiver of Kessig
Derelor①"Strength it has, but at the cost of a continuous supply of energy. Such failure can bear only one result."↵-Execution order of Endrek Sahr, master breeder
Derelor①"Strength it has, but at the cost of a continuous supply of energy. Such failure can bear only one result."↵-From the execution order for Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
Derelor①"The derelor's greatest contribution to the Ebon Hand was the inspirational effect its creator's execution had upon the other thrull breeders."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Descend upon the Sinful①Above the cries, a phrase rang out: "You will all be saved."
Descendant of Kiyomaro①"The blood of Kiyomaro flows in my veins. He did not let Eiganjo fall and neither shall I."
Descendant of Soramaro①"Soramaro speaks through me. Listen! And I will tell the wisdom of the ancestors."
Descent into Madness①The stairs lead down in both directions.
Descent of the Dragons①Dragons emerge from tempests fully formed and terribly hungry.
Desecrated Earth①"The land is swollen with mana, cursed relics, and secrets. If you puncture it, you never know what will burst out."↵-Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Desecrated Tomb①The grave robbers were startled, for the door to the mausoleum was already open.
Desecration Elemental①Its precious corpses dance like puppets to attract mindless nim prey.
Desecration Plague①"The gods think of us as insects. Perhaps there is wisdom in that."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Desecrator Hag①Loose earth is not a burial but an appetizer.
Desert Cerodon①The endless expanse of desert surrounding Naktamun sometimes yields threats that the gods themselves must answer.
Desert Drake①Never doubt a dragon just because of its size.
Desert Sandstorm①While pursuing the remnants of Yuan Shao's forces into the Wuhan Desert, Cao Cao was temporarily turned back by a fierce sandstorm.
Desert Twister①Massive, mindless, and imbued with one terrible purpose.
Desert Twister①The magical dust clouds Mercadian mages use to traverse the plane generate storms that devastate the surrounding terrain. But as long as the storms don't touch the mountain, the nobles simply don't care.
Desert of the Glorified①On countless frontier worlds, below silica sand, blasted chalk, or bubbling marsh, slumbering Necrons await.
Deserted Beach①Drownyard floods and unnatural frost made the once peaceful boardwalk deceptively treacherous.
Deserted Temple①A monument to long-forgotten gods, it stands as a tribute to the fleeting nature of human ways.
Deserter's Quarters①In Akros, the penalty for running from battle is one night's stay in the Deserter's Quarters.
Desertion①First the insult, then the injury.
Desiccated Naga①"The nature of this plane makes it almost too easy for me to command the dead."↵-Liliana Vess
Desolate Lighthouse①A lonely sentinel facing gales, hurricanes, and tides of homicidal spirits.
Desolation Twin①"With precise coordination and enough blood spilled, one can be driven off, even brought down. But two . . . that's a lot of blood."↵-Munda, ambush leader
Desolation①"Kill a creature, destroy the present. Kill the land, destroy the future."↵-Kaervek
Despark①"A tale of a tyrant being humiliated and losing all his power? I'm inspired already!"↵-Killian, Silverquill mage-student
Despark①Liliana whispered to whatever consciousness Oketra and Bontu had left. "You are the gods. He is the usurper. You know what to do."
Desperate Castaways①A pirate crew without a ship is a crew that will do anything to get one.
Desperate Charge①"Lieutenants dishonored, corpses carted home; The general raises troops again to take revenge."
Desperate Farmer①A tragic moment pushed him to a blasphemous act.
Desperate Lunge①Ravnica held its breath as the hero of the resistance-their last hope-flew through the sky, his dark sword ready to strike a god.
Desperate Ravings①Her mind was quite gone, yet she spoke nothing but truth.
Desperate Stand①At the Akroan gates, hoplites revived the tactics of Kytheon Iora's infamous irregulars.
Despise①"Truth is always a weapon in your enemies' hands."↵-Geth, Lord of the Vault
Despise①"You have returned from fire, traitor. This time I will see you leave as ashes."↵-Zurgo, to Sarkhan Vol
Despoiler of Souls①Rats and vultures devour. It desecrates.
Despoil①Nothing could grow where the vile smoke had been, and no one could breathe it and live.
Despondent Killbot①"click . . . click . . . beep . . . whirrrr . . ."
Despotic Scepter①"We were not meant to have such terrible things. They should be left where we found them, if not destroyed!"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Despotic Scepter①"We were not meant to have such terrible things. They should be left where we found them, if not destroyed!"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Destroy Evil①Serra's grace most often manifests as a healing touch, but it may also grant a merciful death.
Destroy the Evidence①Everyone knew the Dimir had done the damage. Everyone suspected the Izzet had hired them.
Destructive Digger①"I love digging. It gives me lots of time to think about how much I love digging."
Destructive Flow①Stage two of the Phyrexian invasion included the complete alteration of Dominaria's landscape.
Destructive Force①The end of the world rarely comes quietly.
Destructive Revelry①"Stoke a fire hot enough and you'll never run out of things to burn."↵-Xenagos, the Reveler
Destructive Tampering①"I don't think they'll appreciate my . . . adjustments."↵-Karavin, renegade saboteur
Destructive Urge①Red sky at night, dragon's delight.
Destructor Dragon①After countless attacks on the Salt Road where it passes through the frozen tundra, the Abzan began to refer to the area as Atarka territory rather than Temur lands.
Detainment Spell①Bind the mind rather than the wrist, and you stop the intent to harm before it starts.
Detection Tower①Its light exposes enemies and lays secrets bare.
Determined Iteration①"Only a fool believes they have nothing left to learn."
Detonate①The goblins have forty-two different words for "ow."
Deus of Calamity①"He bears the marks of ages upon his skin, memories of dreams long dead and best left buried."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Devastate①"You're willing to die for your homeland. I'm willing to kill for it."↵-Latulla, Keldon overseer
Devastating Dreams①Kamahl dreams of storms of fire.
Devastating Summons①Things born in magma are always angry.
Devastation Tide①It's hard to argue with a force made of divine will.
Devastation①There is much talk about the art of creation. What about the art of destruction?
Deviant Glee①"You just need the right incentive to fulfill my dreams."
Devil K. Nevil①"Danger is my middle name. Also, I don't know how to spell."
Devil's Play①A devil's hands are never idle.
Devilish Valet①Nobody thought twice about checking their weapons at the door, until they were informed there was no weapon check at the door.
Devils' Playground①"The city is overrun. I would say burn it to the ground, but that won't be necessary."↵-Inquisitor Delmund
Devilthorn Fox①On expeditions through Ashmouth, the hunters of Devilthorn Lodge rely on the cleverness of foxes to counteract the mischief of devils.
Devious Cover-Up①First, dispose of the evidence. Then dispose of your knowledge of its disposal.
Devious Cover-Up①Widow Weber's new scarecrow seemed to attract more crows than it scared off.
Devkarin Dissident①"This is Mileva, in the Tenth. We've got an elf in the plaza with a chip on her shoulder. Actually, it's more of a morningstar."
Devoted Caretaker①Her eyes blaze with the strength of twenty shields. Every glance is a salvation.
Devoted Druid①"Mana lurks in all things, even in the depths of one's own heart."
Devoted Hero①The heart's courage is the soul's guardian.
Devoted Paladin①"I swore a sacred oath to protect the weak and punish those who threaten them. As long as I draw breath, I will protect you."
Devoted Retainer①Deep within Eiganjo Castle lay the Palace of Infinite Halls, a seemingly endless network of corridors once guarded by a seemingly endless legion of samurai.
Devotee of Strength①When Rhonas fell, his followers stirred with newfound strength-a final gift from a god they thought indomitable.
Devour Flesh①His twisted mind concluded that if he was what he ate, and he wanted to stay human, . . .
Devour Intellect①"I'll know what you know soon enough."↵-Nihiloor, Xanathar Guild spymaster
Devour in Flames①Ob Nixilis had prepared for every eventuality-except Chandra Nalaar.
Devour in Shadow①"Feel the burn of the mists. Master them. They will devour your enemies."↵-Geth, keeper of the Vault
Devourer of Memory①It slips silently through the still waters of the Labyrinth of Memories to feed.
Devouring Deep①"Full fathom five thy father lies;/ Of his bones are coral made;/ Those are pearls that were his eyes;/ Nothing of him that doth fade,/ But doth suffer a sea-change/ Into something rich and strange." -William Shakespeare, *The Tempest*
Devouring Hellion①There's no crisis a hellion can't make worse.
Devouring Light①"Even your shadow is too foul to tolerate."
Devouring Light①Into the light the good are welcomed, and with the light the evil are banished.
Devouring Swarm①Their arrival is heralded by the deafening hum of ten thousand wings. Their departure is marked by the silence of the dead.
Devouring Tendrils①Witherbloom spells often take on the appearance-and personality-of their components.
Devout Chaplain①"By Avacyn's decree, we shall cleanse these relics of their demonic past."
Devout Decree①"It is not punishment. I am simply making things as they should be."↵-Sephara, Sky's Blade
Devout Harpist①The notes themselves are irrelevant. The music's effect, however, is worth ten armies.
Devout Invocation①A prayer to bring demons to their knees.
Devout Lightcaster①"Goddess, grant us light to banish the world's shadows."↵-Prayer to Kamsa
Devout Monk①Discipline wears many robes.
Devout Witness①The Cho-Arrim fought Mercadia's decadence with more than just swords.
Dewdrop Spy①Only in dew from Oona herself is there clarity enough to see a victim's mind.
Dhund Operative①Baral's spies always have the latest technology.
Diabolic Edict①"Always give your foes a choice when they have none."↵-Ob Nixilis
Diabolic Edict①Greven *il*-Vec lifted Vhati off his feet. "The fall will give you time to think on your failure."
Diabolic Edict①Greven il-Vec lifted Vhati off his feet. "The fall will give you time to think on your failure."
Diabolic Machine①"The bolts of our ballistae smashed into the monstrous thing, but our hopes died in our chests as its gears continued turning." -Sevti Mukul, *The Fall of Alsoor*
Diabolic Machine①"The bolts of our ballistae smashed into the monstrous thing, but our hopes died in our chests as its gears continued turning."↵-Sevti Mukul, *The Fall of Alsoor*
Diabolic Machine①"The bolts of our ballistae smashed into the monstrous thing, but our hopes died in our chests as its gears continued turning."↵-Sevti Mukul, The Fall of Alsoor
Diabolic Revelation①"There are some secrets so dark no human mind should ever contain them. Interested?"↵-Nefarox, Overlord of Grixis
Diabolic Tutor①"Show them. Show them how hot your fire can burn."↵-Liliana Vess, to Chandra Nalaar
Diabolic Tutor①The best ideas often come from the worst minds.
Diabolic Tutor①The wise always keep an ear open to the whispers of power.
Diabolic Vision①"I have seen the true path. I will not warm myself by the fire-I will become the flame."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Diabolical Salvation①To succeed, the wizards made a deal with devils.
Diamond Faerie①"That such delicate creatures could become so powerful in the embrace of winter is yet more proof that I am right."↵-Heidar, Rimewind master
Diamond Kaleidoscope①"A pretty toy. Now show me its tactical applications."↵-Telim'Tor
Diamond Lion①"The merchant asked for riches no one had ever dreamed of. The djinn, smiling, granted his wish."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Diamond Mare①When it passes, rainbows follow.
Dictate of Erebos①"I take no pleasure in your suffering, but it is necessary. Once you accept your fate you'll find eternity more tolerable."
Dictate of Heliod①"In our war Heliod gave mortals some favor, yet other times he withheld aid. Are we still no more than game pieces to him?"↵-Polyxene the Doubter
Dictate of Karametra①"I refuse to let the folly of mortals endanger the home I made for them."
Dictate of Kruphix①"Knowledge is cruel. It will break your heart and test your allegiances. Are you certain you want this curse?"
Dictate of the Twin Gods①Iroas and Mogis are as different in appearance as they are in personality.
Didgeridoo①"Play the song of he who delivered us. Play the song of Feroz."↵-Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Didn't Say Please①"If you're in our home, we expect you to mind your manners."
Die Young①"When the time comes, let go. Nothing lasts forever."
Diffusion Sliver①"The hive shimmered, and its walls seemed a living mirror."↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Dig Deep①Rip through enough dirt and you'll eventually find something edible.
Dig Through Time①No matter how deep the treasure is buried, Hunter can always sniff it out.
Dig Up①Things buried on Innistrad rarely seem to stay that way.
Digsite Engineer①"Dig over there, you bolthead!"
Dihada's Ploy①The last piece was finally in place.
Diligent Excavator①Archaeologists don't just dig in the dirt. They excavate time, scraping off the years grain by grain.
Diminish①"'That was a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at the sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence."↵-Lewis Carroll,↵*Alice's Adventures in Wonderland*
Diminish①Everything seems a little less ferocious when it's running from a house cat.
Dimir Charm①"Dangerous to recognize. Deadly not to."↵-Lazav
Dimir Cluestone①It waits in the chill of the undercity, holding nameless secrets for those who dare to touch it.
Dimir Cutpurse①Other guilds demand tolls from those who travel their territories, but not House Dimir. It takes its share secretly, one coin purse at a time.
Dimir Doppelganger①"Fear not. Your life will not go unlived."
Dimir Guildgate①"Every guild dreads infiltration. I should know-I've been a member of all of them."↵-Lazav
Dimir Guildgate①"You've found this place only because you were summoned. Pray you're worthy of the invitation."↵-Etrata
Dimir Guildgate①Enter and become a mastermind of spies, lies, and deception.
Dimir Guildgate①In the cold corridors of the undercity, misinformation unfurls from Duskmantle like a spreading stain.
Dimir Informant①The letters arrive, all sealed and read.
Dimir Keyrune①A key that slips through every lock.
Dimir Locket①"Wear this, and take your place among the shadows-wise, lethal, and unseen."↵-Ivrelya, Dimir spymaster
Dimir Signet①An emblem of a secret guild, the Dimir insignia is seen only by its own members-and the doomed.
Dimir Spybug①Just assume every conversation is on record.
Din of the Fireherd①Vengeance in stampede form.
Dingus Egg①Legend has it that the world was hatched from a dingus egg.
Dingus Staff①"A sharp conscience is the weapon of the soul."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Dinosaur Hunter①"Aye, the foul beast chomped me, but I got away. You'd best believe when I find it again, it won't get away so easy."
Dinosaur Stampede①If you're in the way of a ceratops charge and you're made of mere flesh and bone, then you're not really in the way.
Dinrova Horror①"Welcome to the Dimir Public Offices. Not responsible for death or loss of property. Basement off-limits."↵-Sign outside Dinrova Building
Diplomacy of the Wastes①"Our emissaries are gifted negotiators."↵-Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
Dire Fleet Captain①Orcs are happiest under captains who steer toward battle. Orcs of the Dire Fleet are downright jovial.
Dire Fleet Hoarder①Among the pirates of the Brazen Coalition, the only thing more dangerous than failure is success.
Dire Fleet Neckbreaker①The buccaneers scaled the sides of buildings as easily as they boarded enemy ships.
Dire Fleet Ravager①His fists fume with the decay of death, each strike a plague on the hearts of his enemies.
Dire Mimic①Sometimes the closet *is* the monster.
Dire Tactics①"I will preserve human life at all costs. I will stand alone against behemoths before I let them touch my city. I will hold the wall."↵-Oath of the Coppercoats
Dire Wolf Prowler①Large as horses, dire wolves must hunt often to satisfy thier ravenous hunger. A mere human does little more than blunt their appetite.
Dire Wolves①"It's amazing how scared a city kid can get at a dog. Now, of course, I'd cross Terisiare alone, and keep no watch if I had a pack of greys hanging on my flanks as I went."↵-Oddveig Ulfsson, caravan scout
Dire-Strain Brawler①A few townsfolk had their suspicions, but none dared accuse him openly.
Diregraf Captain①Though its mind has long since rotted away, it wields a sword with deadly skill.
Diregraf Ghoul①"At least this one still has arms and legs. Well, most of its legs."↵-Enslow, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Diregraf Scavenger①It can barely feel the sword anymore.
Dirtcowl Wurm①Few of Rath's rivers follow a steady course, so many new channels are carved for them.
Dirtwater Wraith①"The foul entities of the Uuserk swamp had never before dared to spread their influence to the very heart of Zhalfir."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Disallow①"How easily your flames are quenched."↵-Baral, Chief of Compliance
Disappearing Act①"Baral took my family from me back then. I'd do anything to face him now."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Disappear①If at first you don't succeed, run away and hide.
Disarm①"Be thankful I left you your clothes."
Discerning Taste①"Everyone loves a dash of crushed pixie . . . except the pixie."
Disciple of Bolas①"Lord Bolas has shown me how each miserable little life holds untold resources."
Disciple of Grace①Beauty is beyond law.
Disciple of Grace①Dread was as foreign to her as the landscape ahead.
Disciple of Griselbrand①The demon Griselbrand dared to stand against Avacyn, earning him the loathing of thousands and the admiration of a few.
Disciple of Kangee①When no birds are available, Kangee's disciples fill the sky with anything that's willing to fight.
Disciple of Law①A religious order for religious order.
Disciple of Malice①The lantern he carried did not light his way-it signaled his approach.
Disciple of Tevesh Szat①"You pray to Freyalise, but she cannot hear your pleas. It is Tevesh Szat who will claim your soul."
Disciple of the Old Ways①"Selesnya thinks nature is a pretty plaything. True nature would rip their faces off and wear their skins as trophies."
Disciple of the Sun①Heart of a titan, faith as bright as the dawn.
Disciple of the Vault①He stands in the shadow of his lord, Geth, drinking in the dark energies of the Vault.
Disciplined Duelist①Brokers agents defend their charges by all means available, from intricate logic to blunt force trauma.
Discombobulate①"I said 'pick his brain,' not 'tear off his head.'"↵-Riptide Project researcher
Discordant Piper①The death of the party.
Discourtesy Clerk①Myra doesn't pay the vampires to smile-but only because guests found it off-putting.
Disdainful Stroke①"I've known for a year that you would cast this exact spell, at this exact spot, at this exact time."↵-Raffine
Disdainful Stroke①"Laws apply only to those who lack the vision to see past them."
Disdainful Stroke①"The skald boasted that he could outsing the sea. Cosima heard him, and drowned his village with a single wave."↵-*Longbeard Saga*
Disdainful Stroke①"You are beneath contempt. Your lineage will be forgotten."
Disease Carriers①Rath is a disease all its inhabitants carry.
Disembowel①"We thought we found the victim's clothes lumped in the street. As it turned out, it *was* the victim, insides sucked out-just a sack of skin and robes."↵-Agrus Kos
Disempower①"Mangara is gone. Who among you doubts that I have taken his power?"↵-Kaervek
Disemvowel①Without vowels, no one can hear you scream.
Disenchant①"From legend it was forged, and to legend it returns."
Disenchant①"I implore you not to forget the horrors of the past. You would have us start the Brothers' War anew!"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Disenchant①"I implore you not to forget the horrors of the past. You would have us start the Brothers' War anew!"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Disenchant①"Let Phyrexia breed evil in the darkness; my holy light will reveal its taint."↵-Serra
Disenchant①"The tools of evil are mere things. And like all things, they cannot last forever."↵-*Song of All*, canto 881
Disenchant①"There are harsher ways to learn the meaning of the word 'no.'"↵-Rashida Scalebane
Disenchant①The scepter of power is fragile in a calloused hand.↵-Cho-Arrim saying
Disenchant①The swarm seemed unmoved by the artificial slivers' destruction. "They clearly were not the leaders," Hanna cursed. "I guess we'll have to do this the hard way."
Disenchant①Where the holy light of the angels has shone, only purity remains.
Disentomb①"I deal so often in rotting corpses that when I come across the freshly dead . . . why, it's like my birthday come early."↵-Nevinyrral, necromancer
Disentomb①"If we've run out of warm bodies, then cold bodies will have to do."↵-Modriss of Zargoth Fen
Disentomb①"Stop complaining. You can rest when you're dead. Oh-sorry."↵-Liliana Vess
Disentomb①The armies of the dead always report well rested.
Disfigure①"Brave scar or unfortunate tale? It all depends on your pain threshold."
Disfigure①"Let this serve as a reminder of your failure."↵-Exdratha, bog witch
Disinformation Campaign①"People would sooner savor sweet lies than chew plain truths."↵-Lazav
Dismal Backwater①Armageddon has become a site of holy pilgrimage for the Orks: a planet where the fighting never stops.
Dismal Failure①"Two magi could trade spells all day and never crown a victor. The real battle is not one of power but of will. If your confidence breaks, so too shall you."↵-Venser
Dismantle①"If only the living were so easily salvaged."↵-Memnarch
Dismantling Blow①"What cannot be destroyed will be bound, but do try to destroy it the first time."↵-Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Dismember①"You serve Phyrexia. Your pieces would better serve Phyrexia elsewhere."↵-Azax-Azog, the Demon Thane
Dismiss into Dream①"You trust in the shadows of a breeze."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Dismissive Pyromancer①"Burn. Burn. Keep. Burn".
Dismissive Pyromancer①"Burn. Burn. Keep. Burn."
Dismiss①"There is nothing you can do that I cannot simply deny."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Disorder①"Fire hurts them almost as much as the chaos that follows. Almost."↵-The Western Paladin
Disorder①"Then, just when the other guys were winnin', the sky threw up."↵-Jula, goblin raider
Disorient①"If it has a brain, even a primitive one, we can most surely scramble it."↵-Garild, merfolk mage
Disowned Ancestor①Long after death, the spirits of the Disowned continue to seek redemption among their Abzan kin.
Dispatch①Venser wondered if it could still be called a teleportation spell if the destination is oblivion.
Dispeller's Capsule①"I find its symmetry pleasing. It rids our world of offensive refuse while disposing of itself."↵-Dolomarus, Proctor of the Clean
Dispel①"Civilization will subsume us unless we overwhelm it instead."↵-Speaker Zegana
Dispel①"I said we should destroy the Eldrazi. Ugin wanted to return them to stasis. Ugin's arguments were . . . unconvincing."↵-Jace Beleren
Dispel①The Jwari winds undo reality as easily as they scatter a pile of leaves.
Dispense Justice①The Accorders never strike first, but they always strike back.
Dispersal Shield①"Maybe next time."
Dispersal Technician①As renegade forces closed in on the Aether Spire, Consulate blockades failed one by one.
Disperse①Gryffid found his way home and resumed life as best he could, constantly hiding his newfound fear of clouds.
Disperse①Gryffid scowled at the sky. A perfect day for the hunt tainted by clouds. He wished them gone. High above, the clouds looked down, scowled, and made a wish of their own.
Disperse①It's pointless to hold on when you have nothing to hold on with.
Disperse①Most casualties of the power struggle between vedalken and Neurok didn't die on the field of battle; they merely disappeared.
Dispersing Orb①"Like the seas, the Æther is fickle and ever-changing. If we can control one, we can master the other."↵-Riptide Project director
Displacement Wave①The sea respects no boundaries, least of all the coast.
Displacer Beast①The only place you can be sure it's not is wherever it appears to be.
Displacer Kitten①"Isn't she the cutest thing you've almost seen?"↵-Doen, purveyor of exotic pets
Displace①"I'll see you soon, Subjects 25 and 26. I've got a good feeling this time!"
Disposal Mummy①Without the viziers to oversee their actions, some anointed went to extreme lengths to fulfill their directives.
Disrupt Decorum①Dinner and politics don't mix.
Disrupting Scepter①"True power is controlling not only the hearts of your subjects, but their minds as well."
Disruption Aura①Vedalken weapons sold to outsiders are as dependable as the vedalken themselves.
Disruption Protocol①"Let's just turn that off, shall we?"
Disruptive Pitmage①"Show weakness to hide your strength."
Disruptive Student①"Teferi is a problem student. Always late for class. No appreciation for constructive use of time."↵-Barrin, progress report
Disrupt①Oh, I'm sorry-did I break your concentration?
Disrupt①Teferi wanted no part of Urza's battle plans, but both agreed the Phyrexian portal must be closed.
Dissatisfied Customer①The mirrors weren't fun for everyone.
Dissension in the Ranks①"It came on as quickly as taking in a breath of air. Cathars who had fought shoulder to shoulder were at each other's throats. They were not themselves."↵-Halmig, Order of Saint Traft
Dissenter's Deliverance①"When all doubts have melted away, the worthy will meet the Hour of Eternity and earn a place at the God-Pharaoh's side."↵-*The Accounting of Hours*
Dissipate①"If you weren't born with it, you don't need it."↵-Grahilah, former trader of Amiqat
Dissipate①"Morning light, morning light,↵Chase away the fears of night."↵-Gavony children's rhyme
Dissipate①"This abomination never belonged in our world. I'm merely setting it free."↵-Dierk, geistmage
Dissipation Field①"Strike me once, shame on you. Strike me twice . . . Well, let's just see if you can."↵-Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Dissolve①"You thought only the gods could stop you?"
Dissonant Wave①Emerald dragons hate prying eyes, and they have a host of ways to deter them.
Distant Melody①Oona's song is like a twisted dinner chime. All the faeries return home, but it is Oona who feasts-on the stolen dreams and rumors they serve her.
Distant Memories①"The fleeting shadows of his primitive self have all but vanished."↵-Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Distorting Lens①"The Eye altering alters all."↵-William Blake, "The Mental Traveller"
Distorting Lens①The magistrate seems to prefer a distorted perspective of reality.
Distorting Wake①Gerrard savored a grim smile as the Phyrexian portals disappeared behind the *Weatherlight*.
Distracting Geist①"I never did enjoy studying."
Distress①"Of course I'm sure I've gone mad. The little man who crawled out of my eye was quite clear on this."
Distress①"They say the eyes are the windows to the soul. I like to break windows and take what's inside."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Distress①"Today I asked Master Dosan what the ogre mages did with the humans they sacrificed. He gave me a hard look and said to think no more on the matter."↵-Meditation journal of young budoka
District Guide①"The route is direct but challenging. Incidentally, how are you with heights?"
Dive Bomber①"Your graves will lie beneath my final nest."
Dive Down①"Seeing the river is not the same as seeing the fish."
Divebomber Griffin①Justice flies swiftly on angry wings.
Diver Skaab①It doesn't need to breathe, but the suit does help keep the parts together.
Divergent Growth①Nature has forgotten its own rules.
Diversionary Tactics①"It's the oldest trick in the book," said Guff. "And I ought to know-I wrote it."
Divert①"What's the fun of being a wizard if you can't mess with people's heads?"
Divest①Flittersprites collect unusually valuable things: coins of fallen empires, baby teeth, and memories of treasured names.
Divide by Zero①"Misery. Inadequacy. Failure. The common denominator is you."
Divination①"Ask of Keranos that you may understand the stars that mark your destiny. Implore Erebos that you may accept the fate thus divulged."
Divination①"Half of your studies will be learning the laws of magic. The other half will be bending them."↵-Naru Meha, master wizard
Divination①"The key to unlocking this puzzle is within you."↵-Doriel, mentor of Mistral Isle
Divination①"The stars mark your destiny. May you accept the fate thus divulged."
Divination①Even the House of Galan, who takes the most scholarly approach to the mystic traditions, has resorted to exploring more primitive methods in Avacyn's absence.
Divine Arrow①Outside Drannith's walls, where collateral damage is of no concern, the Coppercoats are free to use more potent methods.
Divine Arrow①Ravnica's defenders watched in horror as Oketra's shot pierced the body of the pegasus. Gideon tumbled through the air, Blackblade in hand.
Divine Favor①With an armory of light, even the squire may champion her people.
Divine Gambit①"Evil is to be unshackled, not slain. Unlock your foe and release the miracle within."↵-Keevan, docent of Kollema Hall
Divine Gambit①There are rules, and then there are gods.
Divine Light①"Phyrexia is an unforgiving place, and I am an angry lord in an unforgiving mood."↵-Lord Windgrace
Divine Offering①"Suq'Ata believe in trade; Femeref, alms; Zhalfirins, steel. Be warned, Kaervek-now we are joined."↵-Sidar Jabari
Divine Offering①"The Phyrexians *are* vulnerable. Do not despair. We will prevail!"↵-Juryan, rebel leader
Divine Offering①D'Haren stared at the twisted lump of metal that had been a prized artifact. The fight was getting ugly.
Divine Offering①These tears of pain I weep to the skies, Not bitter drops, but water made divine. Each gem of sorrow slips, no longer mine, But proffered thus to echo other cries.
Divine Presence①"Serra's light isn't easily extinguished."↵-Reya Dawnbringer
Divine Reckoning①Survival of the purest.
Divine Retribution①"To the undiscerning eye, justice and vengeance can look the same."↵-Rashida Scalebane
Divine Sacrament①Their whispered prayers rally the nomads better than any war cry could.
Divine Smite①"When darkness closes in around us, my blade will light our path."
Divine Transformation①Glory surged through her and radiance surrounded her. All things were possible with the blessing of the Divine.
Divine Verdict①"Guilty."
Divine Verdict①Cunning warriors and dim-witted beasts alike fall under the church's harsh judgment.
Divine Verdict①Giants and pit spawn attempted to topple the cathedral's pillars. The fine grit of their remains still swirls in the breeze outside.
Divine Verdict①The last thing to go through the cyclops's mind was a twelve-ton block of marble.
Divine Visitation①The angels appreciated the offer but politely declined to eat any birdseed.
Diviner Spirit①Sentience is its natural habitat.
Diviner's Lockbox①"I see it taunting me whenever I close my eyes."↵-Nayrex Slipfinger, master thief
Diving Griffin①To outrace the griffin↵-Kipamu expression meaning "to do the impossible"
Divinity of Pride①"She spoke of mystery and portent, of such unfathomable things that my mind screamed for pity."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Dizzying Gaze①"When I cut down my angel I only started my fall."↵-Crovax
Dizzying Swoop①In a castle that prizes loyalty above all, the bond between knight and griffin is unmatched.
Djeru's Renunciation①"I was promised an afterlife, not this. Samut was right. The God-Pharaoh lied."↵-Djeru, former Tah-crop initiate
Djeru's Resolve①"When I wish to be strong, I train. When I wish to be wise, I study. When I wish to rest, I start again."
Djinn of Infinite Deceits①The winds of change have a mind of their own.
Djinn of the Lamp①Once they learn the trick of carrying their own lamps, they never touch the ground again.
Docent of Perfection①The time had come for him to share his findings.
Dockside Chef①The squirming is how you know it's fresh.
Dockside Extortionist①"A small price to keep such pretty things safe!"
Dockside Extortionist①"It's just business."
Dockside Extortionist①The fine print is illegible scribbles, but it *is* legally binding.
Dogged Hunter①The relationship between hunter and hunted knows nothing of alliances.
Dogged Pursuit①Kaya had stalked countless horrific foes, but never one that killed with such callous precision and twisted creativity.
Dogpile①There is no shelter from this storm, its rain of fists, or the thunderous cackles of bloodlust.
Dokuchi Shadow-Walker①Don't fear the blade, fear the shadows.
Dolmen Gate①Lorwyn's stones resonate with the place from which they were hewed. Though taken far, still they call to their home when silence is upon the land.
Domesticated Hydra①"Sit. Fetch. Devastate."
Dominate①"I've come to reclaim what is mine. And you, Greven, are mine."↵-Volrath
Dominating Vampire①"You can join me or feed me. Choose fast."
Domineer①Since they haven't seen their original master for millennia, golems are eager to take orders from anyone.
Dominus of Fealty①"Nothing is truly your own. It is his, whether you know it or not."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Domri's Ambush①"When civilization teeters on the brink, I'll be there to kick it the rest of the way."
Domri's Nodorog①"Good girl."
Donal, Herald of Wings①He sees a flicker of Avacyn's grace in every wingbeat.
Donate①Campus pranksters initiate new students with the old "beeble bomb" routine.
Done for the Day①Punchy was programmed to do two things: punch tickets and love punching tickets.
Doom Blade①"An angel can shine like the sun, inspire the weak, and even threaten victory over darkness. But in the end it matters not, for it still dies like any other pest."↵-Ob Nixilis
Doom Blade①"One little word was all it took. The world shook as I said it. The doom of Zendikar was here at last."↵-Ob Nixilis
Doom Blade①The void is without substance but cuts like steel.
Doom Foretold①In the end, death usually has its way.
Doom Whisperer①The sound of every twisted secret tempts you to hear another.
Doomed Artisan①"Remember me not as I am, but as I should have been."
Doomed Dissenter①The most dangerous place to be in Kessig is alone.
Doomed Dissenter①There is only one fate left to those banished from the God-Pharaoh's city.
Doomed Necromancer①"His sacrifice shall not be forgotten. Now toss his body over there with the others."↵-Phage the Untouchable
Doomed Necromancer①Many necromancers share the same last words-the ones that conclude the undeath ritual.
Doomed Traveler①He vowed he would never rest until he reached his destination. He doesn't know how right he was.
Doomfall①"This place has outlived its usefulness."↵-Nicol Bolas
Doomgape①It eats and eats until the juiciest morsel it can find is itself.
Doomskar Oracle①"Giants and monsters loom on the horizon, and the elves plan to murder our gods!"
Doomskar①The realms crashed together, with Bretagard at the center of the calamity.
Doomwake Giant①Crippling fear precedes it. A foul stench accompanies it. Death follows in its wake.
Door to Nothingness①"All memory of your existence will be wiped from reality. You will die, and no one will mourn."↵-Memnarch
Door to Nothingness①Only a madman could create such a door. Only an imbecile would open it.
Doorkeeper①One piercing stare usually convinces thieves to go elsewhere.
Doran, the Siege Tower①"Each year that passes rings you inwardly with memory and might. Wield your heart, and the world will tremble."
Dormant Grove①As the natural cycle of day and night grew twisted, old powers stirred deep in the Ulvenwald.
Dormant Sliver①"It triggers the hive's period of aetheric fertility-a time when even feeding is a lower priority than reproduction."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Dormant Sliver①"It triggers the hive's period of Ætheric fertility-a time when even feeding is a lower priority than reproduction."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Dorothea, Vengeful Victim①"Every day a Voldaren draws breath is a day I cannot rest."
Dosan the Falling Leaf①"Each night as Master Dosan prays to the kami, the hate he receives in return withers his body a little more. Though the kami are slowly killing him, still he continues his prayers."↵-Meditation journal of a young budoka
Dosan's Oldest Chant①As Dosan's chant grew in volume, a second, deeper voice rose up in harmony behind it, strong enough to shake the earth and yet vibrant enough to fill the spirit.
Double Cleave①"When in doubt, kill 'em twice."
Double Cleave①If at first you don't succeed, hit them again.
Double Cross①"You're in for a nasty butt-kickin'."
Double Deal①"I'm facing defeat, . . ."
Double Dip①In a duel and taking a lickin' . . .
Double Header①Players that don't read flavor text aren't too bright, sorta smell, and dress funny. But let's just keep this between us, okay? They can get kind of violent.
Double Major①"Now I can dedicate myself fully to zoetimancy and void theory!"
Double Negative①They feared each other for their differences but were absolutely terrified at their similarities.
Double Play①The wizard exclaimed, "I'm no chicken . . . ."
Double Take①"But next time we meet, . . ."
Double Vision①"Your eyes aren't playing tricks on you. I am."
Doublecast①First the insult, then the encore.
Doubling Chant①What's scarier than one of every beast in the forest?
Doubling Cube①The cube's surface is pockmarked with jagged runes that seem to shift when unobserved.
Doubtless One①"Share your devotion with me."
Douse in Gloom①Orzhov prisoners are steeped in a blackened brew that robs their souls of strength. Patriarchs drink that brew to extend their own lives.
Douse in Gloom①The Mardu warrior was overjoyed when Tasigur set him free and granted him passage through the jungle. He failed to notice the Sultai leader's cruel smile.
Douser of Lights①The party of Rakdos revelers cackled and capered as the thing approached. It hissed, and they jabbed their torches at it, giggling when it recoiled. Then, one by one, the torches went out-and the screaming began.
Douse①The academy's libraries were protected by fire-prevention spells. Even after the disaster, the books were intact-though forever sealed in time.
Dovin's Acuity①Dovin ticked the Planeswalkers off on his fingers: himself, Domri, Kaya, Ral, Vraska . . . and Bolas made an even six.
Dovin's Automaton①It was made for battle, but that doesn't mean it's unsophisticated.
Dovin's Dismissal①"We're finished here."
Dovin's Veto①"I see you've learned nothing, Chandra. You'd still put a match to something rather than understand it."
Dovin's Veto①"It must be infuriating, to pour so much rage into your assault and see it wasted. Perhaps you'll learn something from this."
Down for Repairs①Safety twelfth.
Downpour①"The sky holds vast oceans. They are at your fingertips if you know how to call them."↵-Talrand, sky summoner
Dowsing Shaman①He combs the streets looking for the lost light, the discarded enigmas of the city.
Draconian Cylix①"There is no gain without sacrifice."↵-Icatian proverb
Draconian Gate-Bot①"YOU MUST BE THIS TALL TO RIDE. YOU HAVE TEN SECONDS TO COMPLY."
Draconic Disciple①"If I am to die, I will die in the embrace of immeasurable flame."
Draconic Lore①The wyrmling studied the ancient carvings and dreamed of a day when her own exploits would be immortalized in stone.
Draconic Muralists①"We must never allow the deeds of our great ancestors to be forgotten."
Drafna's Restoration①Drafna, founder of the College of Lat-Nam, could create a working model from even the smallest remnants of a newly unearthed artifact.
Drag Down①The barbarians of Jund believe the bottomless tar pits extend forever into other, darker worlds.
Drag Under①Some took to their boats to escape the unfolding nightmare. The remains of their vessels now litter the shores of Nephalia.
Drag to the Bottom①Windgrace's gladehunters hibernate in the quagmires of Urborg until the scent of Phyrexian technology awakens their hunger.
Drag to the Underworld①The more you struggle against death, the tighter its grip becomes.
Dragon Appeasement①"Look there-they carry that one upon a sedan chair. It must be their leader. Wait . . . Oh! Perhaps not."↵-Kaeda, aven scout
Dragon Arch①In their hunger for the arch's power, mages often forget that it only makes dragons easier to summon. It doesn't make them easier to control.
Dragon Bell Monk①He has spent years training his eyes and ears to detect the subtle signs of a dragon's approach.
Dragon Blood①A single drop turns skin to scale and fist to claw.
Dragon Blood①Fire in the blood, fire in the belly.
Dragon Cultist①You know that mighty dracoliches will one day rule over this world. For you, that day can't come soon enough.
Dragon Egg①Dragon birth lairs are littered with treasure to entice the young from their eggs.
Dragon Engine①"How is it the legged engines seem so much more alive than their wheeled counterparts? Simply, they were born, not made."↵-Mishra
Dragon Engine①Those who believed the city of Kroog would never fall to Mishra's forces severely underestimated the might of his war machines.
Dragon Fodder①Atarka goblins meet their demise as readily as their Temur counterparts did, but usually under big, winged shadows.
Dragon Fodder①Goblins journey to the sacrificial peaks in pairs so that the rare survivor might be able to relate the details of the other's grisly demise.
Dragon Hatchling①"Those dragons grow fast. For a while they feed on squirrels and goblins and then suddenly you're missing a mammoth."↵-Hurdek, Mazar mammoth trainer
Dragon Hunter①"Dromoka has taught me the secrets of her kind, that I might use them in her service."
Dragon Mage①"Yes, it's huge and strong and breathes fire. But we're smart!"↵-Tadith the Wise, last words
Dragon Mage①"You'll bend to my will-with or without your precious sanity."
Dragon Mask①"With no further options, I was forced to don the mask."↵-Rashida Scalebane
Dragon Roost①A powerful mage created the roost to guard a portal between the planes. The mage is long gone, but dragons still keep watch at the gate.
Dragon Roost①Dragons erupt from peaks of chaos and flow from rivers of molten rage.
Dragon Throne of Tarkir①What once soared high above Tarkir is now reduced to a seat.
Dragon Whelp①"O to be a dragon . . . of silkworm size or immense . . ." -Marianne Moore, "O to Be a Dragon"
Dragon Whelp①"O to be a dragon . . . of silkworm size or immense . . ."↵-Marianne Moore, "O to Be a Dragon"
Dragon Whelp①Dragon whelps face few threats besides their own enthusiasm.
Dragon's Claw①"If there is a fire that never ceases to burn, it surely lies in the maw of a dragon."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Dragon's Claw①Though no longer attached to the hand, it still holds its adversary in its grasp.
Dragon's Eye Sentry①Even the humblest guard of Ojutai's strongholds ponders the puzzles of the Great Teacher's lessons.
Dragon's Herald①The penultimate step of the ritual involves bathing in a delicious glaze.
Dragon's Presence①"The Ancestor Dragon appeared atop the clouds, amid shattering mountains and sundering earth."↵-Jiang Yanggu's travelogue
Dragon-Scarred Bear①Bears are a delicacy for the Atarka. The few that remain are the toughest of their species.
Dragon-Style Twins①"We are the flicker of the flame and its heat, the two sides of a single blade."
Dragonborn Champion①"I was raised on stories of my ancestors, and I want to write my own pages in the tales."
Dragonborn Looter①Erdur never thought of it as stealing. Treasure simply didn't deserve to be stuck underground where no one could admire it.
Dragonfly Suit①Cutting-edge Imperial sentinel mechs patrol the skies over Eiganjo.
Dragonlair Spider①Swarms thrive in its nest, feeding on leathery bits of discarded wing.
Dragonloft Idol①The idols were forged during the time of the Khanfall, when the dragons came to rule Tarkir and its people aligned themselves with the five dragonlords.
Dragonlord Atarka①When she's hungry, no one is safe.
Dragonlord Dromoka①Dromoka's followers forsake blood ties so that they may join a greater family.
Dragonlord Silumgar①Silumgar never passes up an opportunity to add to his opulence.
Dragonlord's Servant①Atarka serving-goblins coat themselves with grease imbued with noxious herbs, hoping to discourage their ravenous masters from adding them to the meal.
Dragonmaster Outcast①"Cast out by my tribe, I am a pariah trapped in this mammal's carcass. Only my true kin hear my cries."
Dragonmaster Outcast①"This world will be ruled by its rightful sovereigns, not these hideous pretenders."
Dragonrage①"Dragons in the skies of Tarkir-for the first time, it feels like my home."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Dragonscale Boon①"When we were lost and weary, the ainok showed us how to survive. They have earned the right to call themselves Abzan, and to wear the Scale."↵-Anafenza, khan of the Abzan
Dragonscale Boon①Only those who have proved themselves worthy are granted a dragon's scale.
Dragonscale General①"Dragons seek war. I bring it to them."
Dragonsguard Elite①"The Founder Dragons brought the Blood Age to an end. It is an honor to serve them."
Dragonskull Summit①When the Planeswalker Angrath called dinosaurs "dragons," the name stuck in certain pirate circles.
Dragonsoul Knight①The farther he roamed from Jund and its dragons, the more he felt their essence in himself.
Dragonspeaker Shaman①"We speak the dragons' language of flame and rage. They speak our language of fury and honor. Together we shall weave a tale of destruction without equal."
Dragonstalker①"When the skies are filled with flames, the brave shall step forward to quench them."↵-Order prophecy
Dragonstorm①Dragons come not in packs or in herds but in storms.
Drain the Well①Trows have learned that it's not wise to eat cinders without a bucket or two of water nearby.
Drainpipe Vermin①When times are tough, the poor eat the rats. When times are tougher, the rats eat the poor.
Drake Familiar①"Falconry? A fine sport I suppose, if you're attracted to the frailty of birds."↵-Trivaz, Izzet mage
Drake Hatchling①There is beauty in the space between learning to fly and taking it for granted.
Drake Haven①"If you want to truly test your survival skills, walk the Obelisk Path when the drakes are feeding."↵-Etha, initiate of Rhet crop
Drake-Skull Cameo①"A strange skull was turned up by an Ephran farmer's plow. I traded a copper ring for the 'ox skull.' It resonates of the sea and danger."↵-Isel, master carver
Drakewing Krasis①Cautious not to repeat Vig's mistakes, the Simic fuse life essences using magic alone. Each result is called a krasis.
Drakuseth, Maw of Flames①"Spread out, you idiots! Spread out!"↵-Marsden, party leader, last words
Dralnu's Crusade①"Don't you agree that mogg intellects are improved by zombification?"↵-Lord Dralnu
Dramatic Entrance①Some things aren't worth waiting for.
Dramatic Finale①The enraptured audience barely noticed their programs were suddenly blank.
Dramatic Rescue①"I never thought I'd be so glad to see two tons of beak and claws bearing down on me at the speed of an arrow."↵-Mirela, Azorius hussar
Dramatic Reversal①"Nobody asked you to butt in, Jace. But thanks."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Dramatist's Puppet①"Who cares if the story's true as long as people are entertained?"↵-Shin, Towashi street performer
Drana's Chosen①"Drana commands me. I command my nulls. And so her bidding is done."
Drana's Emissary①"The taste of freedom is sweeter than blood."
Drana's Silencer①"Hush."
Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief①"If our former masters would have us kneel again, they shall feel our defiance slashed across their membranes."
Drana, Liberator of Malakir①"I will not live as a slave. If you would be free, then fight alongside me."
Drannith Healer①"The glowstones shine and dinosaurs roar to the south. Business will be brisk tonight."
Drannith Magistrate①"Our sanctuaries must be beacons of reason and calm or else they will fall."
Drannith Stinger①The first line of defense, and the last person you want to anger.
Drastic Revelation①Every disaster holds mystery, for lack of a sane witness.
Draugr Recruiter①"You cannot stand against us, but when you fall, you will stand with us!"
Draugr Thought-Thief①The worst part is that you won't even remember how much he's taken from you.
Drawn Together①"My Pete Venters theme deck is nearly complete. Then I shall be unstoppable! Bwahahahaaa!"↵-Pete Venters
Drawn from Dreams①"From a sea of infinite possibilities, our choices create the future."↵-Mu Yanling
Dread Cacodemon①Those who hear its roar perish. The lucky ones only feel its fetid breath.
Dread Charge①"As equal were their souls, so equal was their fate."↵-John Dryden, "Ode to Mrs. Anne Killigrew"
Dread Defiler①It left behind an echoing emptiness more horrible than the grave.
Dread Drone①Each Eldrazi ancient spawned a lineage of horrors in unfathomable shapes.
Dread Linnorm①A serpent's cruelty, a dragon's appetite.
Dread Presence①It beckons silently, waiting in the darkness.
Dread Return①"Bolters, flamers, plasma-we hit the xenos with everything, and it just kept coming."↵-Captain Uriel Ventris
Dread Return①The will to return can overpower the will to survive.
Dread Return①Those who forget the horrors of the past are doomed to re-meet them.
Dread Rider①"What kind of monstrous grave robber leaves the treasures, but takes the bodies?"↵-Fjall, Beskir elder
Dread Shade①"The forest surrounding the Vess estate became the Caligo Morass, a vast bog stalked by horrors too terrible to name."↵-"The Fall of the House of Vess"
Dread Slag①A thousand phobias sopped from the city and wrung from Rix Maadi as one.
Dread Slaver①Half a brain rules the mindless.
Dread Specter①Whatever follows life is incurable.↵-Zhalfirin aphorism
Dread Statuary①The last reliable landmark in Tazeem just walked away.
Dread Summons①"Did you have a nice nap?"↵-Liliana Vess
Dread Warlock①"I don't know who to pity more: those who flee from my presence or the damned who can withstand it."
Dread of Night①"These moonless, foreign skies keep me in thrall. Dark whispers echo in the night, and I cannot resist."↵-Selenia, dark angel
Dreadbore①In Rakdos-controlled neighborhoods, everyone is part of the show.
Dreadfeast Demon①By the sixth day of darkness, the lake was more blood than water.
Dreadful Apathy①Those whose lives were uninspired are doomed to the wretched tedium of Phylias in death.
Dreadhound①It herds souls toward eternal torment.
Dreadmalkin①The feline Eternal felt Liliana's command, looked at her disdainfully, flicked its paw, and scampered away across the rooftops.
Dreadwaters①Stray into the Morkrut and it may rise to claim you.
Dreadwing①Dreadwings spring from lofty perches to surprise kathari in midflight. They smother their prey and then consume it as they glide gently toward the ground.
Dreadwurm①Its silent slithering belies its bulk.
Dream Cache①"The sanctity of poverty is an invention of the rich."↵-Starke
Dream Cache①Dreams' riches are easily spent.↵-Suq'Ata adage
Dream Chisel①Itself a product of Ixidor's tortured psyche, the chisel brings his darkest dreams to life.
Dream Coat①"Adopt the character of the twisting octopus, which takes on the appearance of the nearby rock. Now follow in this direction, now turn a different hue."↵-Theognis, *Elegies 1, 215*
Dream Fighter①Not only the sleeping should fear dreams.
Dream Fracture①"Creation is a paradox. It hatches from its opposite."↵-Olka, Mistmeadow witch
Dream Fracture①In her dream, Lola gazed into a mirror. Her familiar features warped, her jaw stretching wider and wider until it cracked and her reflection pulled her into its gaping maw.
Dream Halls①Within without.
Dream Leash①The tendrils of sorcery find easy purchase on the soft underbelly of dreams.
Dream Pillager①Its wings shimmer with dreams absorbed from its enemies.
Dream Prowler①"To think that some find sleep a restful state."↵-Volrath
Dream Salvage①Awylla tried hard to forget the horrors she had seen, but someone else had developed a keen interest in them.
Dream Stalker①What happens when it is the dream that wakes and the sleeper that fades into memory?
Dream Thief①Awylla's salvaged dreams would finally be put to good use.
Dream Thrush①Whether for good or ill, their arrival always means change.
Dreamborn Muse①"Her voice is insight, piercing and true."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Dreamcatcher①"Be careful where your mind wanders. Even in the quietest moments, the kami are listening, and your thoughts give them shape."↵-Lady Azami
Dreampod Druid①"Don't mistake my creations for mere vegetation. They are my children, loyal and fierce."
Dreamroot Cascade①Soothing whispers invite travelers to step closer, closer, closer . . . until they vanish soundlessly beneath the surface.
Dreamscape Artist①He's mastered the art of sleight of land.
Dreamshaper Shaman①Magic is the true artist's medium.
Dreamspoiler Witches①At night, the faeries steal dreamstuff for their queen. At daybreak, countless creatures wake weak and hollow.
Dreamstalker Manticore①Purphoros forged the manticore's tail from bronze, its teeth from silver, and its heart from hate.
Dreamstone Hedron①Only the Eldrazi mind thinks in the warped paths required to open the hedrons and tap the power within.
Dredge the Mire①Fortunately, the reanimation spell just missed the long-dead colony of dung scorpions.
Dredge①"I'd strip away the world to see what's under it, but I'd never just leave it to these Phyrexian parasites and their false god."↵-Urborg witch
Dreg Reaver①"On our thirty-fourth day of digging, we unearthed a chamber that contained the intact remains of several species long extinct from Grixis. One in particular should make a fine siege engine . . . ."↵-Last notes of Shungus Nod, fleshcrafter
Dregs of Sorrow①"We live for a thousand years. The death of even one brings untold sorrow."↵-Elvish elder
Dregs of Sorrow①Crovax gazed on the dead, and for one dark moment he saw a banquet.
Dregs of Sorrow①Crovax gazed upon the dead, and for one dark moment he saw a banquet.
Dregscape Zombie①The undead of Grixis are fueled by their hatred of the living.
Drekavac①Like a vulture's scalp, the face of a drekavac is oily and hairless. The filth and disease of its carrion diet slip off its blood-slick skin.
Drelnoch①Adarkar's blank wastes make the mind wander-and stray thoughts are quickly caught and devoured.
Drench the Soil in Their Blood①"Are they dead yet? No? Then my previous order stands."
Drey Keeper①He gave the squirrels acorns. They gave him vengeance.
Drider①Though their forms embody Lolth's image, driders are those unfortunate drow who have failed the Spider Queen.
Drift of the Dead①"Take their dead, and entomb them in the snow. Risen, they shall serve a new purpose."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Drifter il-Dal①They study the deeds of their traitorous ancestors, hoping the stories may reveal a way back to the physical world.
Drifting Shade①It stalks the fens by the light of the full moon, gathering shadows as it floats among them.
Drill Bit①Never boring.
Drill-Skimmer①In close proximity, their magnetic energies merge and form a field of protection.
Drillworks Mole①The Flaming Fist soldiers prepared to face a bulette, or worse, but the cause of the rumblings turned out to be much more benign and bizarre.
Drinker of Sorrow①It strikes at your soul, heedless of your prayers.
Dripping Dead①It oozes death from every pore.
Dripping-Tongue Zubera①When the Honden of Life's Web was destroyed, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to ensure mortal defeat.
Driver of the Dead①Some vampires resorted to corpse trading after cathars burned their estates and drove them from their ancestral feeding grounds.
Drogskol Armaments①When he could no longer carry on, he imparted his strength to the one who took up his duty.
Drogskol Captain①Dead or alive, true leaders can inspire an entire army.
Drogskol Infantry①He swore to protect the Moorlands. A little thing like death was no excuse to break his oath.
Drogskol Reaver①Wracked and warped with anguish, it obsessively seeks out other souls to hoard within its eternal prison.
Drogskol Shieldmate①"I will join you so that you will not yet join me."
Dromad Purebred①"I have seen much from the back of my dromad, most of it terribly wrong. The more I see, the more I am convinced of the rightness of my path."↵-Heruj, Selesnya initiate
Dromar's Attendant①"Dromar is the wings of the ur-dragon, sweeping away all opposition."
Dromar's Charm①"Wisdom can be summed up in two rules: Control what you can. Eliminate what you cannot."↵-Dromar, the Banisher
Dromoka Captain①"We fight not out of fear, but for honor."
Dromoka Dunecaster①"The dragonlords rule the tempests of the skies. Here in the wastes, the storms are mine to command."
Dromoka Monument①Dromoka rules her clan from the Great Aerie atop Arashin, the central city of the Shifting Wastes.
Dromoka Warrior①Dromoka has regard for the humans who serve under her. In return for her protection, they obey with steadfast loyalty, acting as weapons for her and her scalelords against the other clans.
Dromoka's Gift①The simplest gift from a dragon can be a revered accolade for a human warrior.
Dromoka, the Eternal①"The bane of countless shattered weapons, each a failure to slay her."↵-Daghatar the Adamant
Dromosaur①They say dromosaurs are frightened of dogs, even little ones. There are no dogs in Shiv. Not even little ones.
Dronepack Kindred①These new terrors will not recede with the setting of the moon.
Droning Bureaucrats①" . . . and you must also apply for an application license, file documents 136(iv) and 22-C and -D in triplicate, pay all requisite fees, request a . . ."
Drooling Groodion①"The Golgari expand, yes, but I refuse to call their tainted creations 'growth.'"↵-Niszka, Selesnya evangel
Drooling Groodion①"The Golgari expand, yes, but I refuse to call their tainted creations 'growth.'"↵-Veszka, Selesnya evangel
Drooling Ogre①"Is it the stomping kind or the munching kind?"↵-Slobad, goblin tinkerer
Drop Tower①"I can see the next star system from here!"
Drop Tower①"Um, technically you can't 'drop' in space. What you-AIIIIEEEEEEE!"
Drop Tower①In space, no one can hear you repeatedly beg to get off the ride.
Drop Tower①Sixty stories above the Astrotorium, attendees often wonder if they've made a mistake. They have another two hundred stories to decide.
Drop Tower①The hardest working seat belts in the park.
Drop Tower①What goes up might come down.
Dross Crocodile①"As soon as it surfaced, we could all smell it. Its rancid breath reeked of half-digested carrion and its own rotting innards."↵-Dafri, Auriok champion
Dross Crocodile①The necrogen may have taken its sight, but it can still taste the fear of its prey.
Dross Golem①The longer it skulks through the corrosive gases of Mephidross, the more it adopts their thirst for death.
Dross Hopper①Bred in the vicious Mephidross, dross hoppers learned to eat quickly and escape faster.
Dross Prowler①"I would never have believed that on a world with four suns there could exist a place so dark."↵-Glissa Sunseeker
Dross Ripper①"Such a creation serves no purpose other than exterminating every one of us."↵-Sadra Alic, Neurok strategist
Dross Scorpion①They skitter out of the mists to consume fresh kill before Mephidross has a chance to corrode it away.
Drossforge Bridge①The path to ruin is forged in pain.
Drove of Elves①"The light of beauty protects our journeys through darkness."
Drover of the Mighty①"I do not lead. They do not follow. We walk together."
Drown in Dreams①"Within our minds are limitless depths. Dive down, but don't forget to surface."↵-Teferi
Drown in Filth①The rot farmer's first rite of passage is to craft a pair of work stilts.
Drown in Shapelessness①"From the swallows, I learned how to ride the winds to anywhere, and from my tears, I mastered how to harness the water."
Drown in Sorrow①"The sad truth is that the whip of Erebos is long enough to wrap around all our throats."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Drowned Catacomb①None can tell how many vessels are tangled up on the sea floor-or how much treasure remains unclaimed.
Drowned Rusalka①Lurking below the current, she thirsts until others come to drink.
Drowned Secrets①Beneath Ravnica's streets runs a layer of tunnels, then caverns and waterways, then terrors and nightmares.
Drowned Secrets①Beneath Ravnica's streets runs a layer of tunnels, then caverns, then waterways, then terrors and nightmares.
Drowned①We asked Captain Soll what became of the Serafina, but all he said was, "Ships that go down shouldn't come back up."
Drowner Initiate①Nothing satisfies a merrow as much as drowning what it cannot have.
Drowner of Secrets①Merrows consider themselves the keepers of Lorwyn's past-and consider it their duty to edit when necessary.
Drownyard Amalgam①When human corpses are in short supply, stitchers get creative.
Drownyard Explorers①"Angels and inquisitors terrorize villages, but no one seems to notice the stirring out at sea."
Drownyard Temple①"This is it! All the cryptoliths point here!"↵-Jace Beleren
Drowsing Tyrannodon①What the rangers thought were warning growls turned out to be nothing but monstrous snoring.
Drudge Beetle①The Street Swarm is the labor class that drives the Golgari's endless cycle of life and death.
Drudge Reavers①"The surface of the land is blanched with salt, but the soil beneath is reddened with death-a fertile ground for necromancy."↵-Lim-Dul the Necromancer
Drudge Sentinel①The Cabal assured the Seven Houses that hostages receive all the food and rest they require.
Drudge Skeletons①"The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, never surrender, and don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off."↵-*Nevinyrral, Necromancer's Handbook*
Drudge Skeletons①"The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, never surrender, and don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off."↵-Nevinyrral, *Necromancer's Handbook*
Drudge Skeletons①"The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, never surrender, and don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off."↵-Nevinyrral,↵*Necromancer's Handbook*
Drudge Skeletons①"The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, they never surrender, and they don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off."↵-Nevinyrral, *Necromancer's Handbook*
Drudge Skeletons①"The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, they never surrender, and they don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off."↵-Nevinyrral,↵*Necromancer's Handbook*
Drudge Skeletons①Bones scattered around us joined to form misshapen bodies. We struck at them repeatedly-they fell, but soon formed again, with the same mocking look on their faceless skulls.
Druid Lyrist①The druids and the forest are in perfect harmony. They sing the same songs.
Druid of Horns①No welcome for those who trespass. Only fang and horn and claw.
Druid of Purification①"Return to the earth and the wind."
Druid of the Anima①Although the Anima herself remains at the Sacellum, her druids roam Naya, collecting mana bonds with every location in the world.
Druid of the Cowl①"The wild tangle of the Cowl provides sanctuary to life that watched the first buildings rise."
Druid of the Sacred Beaker①Others try to be the best in their class. She strives to be the best in her phylum.
Druid's Call①Suffer the little creatures, for they may yet rise up and beat you senseless.
Druid's Deliverance①"Selesnya's roots reach deep into the Worldsoul, and we will not be moved."
Druid's Deliverance①"So many oppose us, but we are the reed that bends without breaking."
Druidic Ritual①Bone, root, and seed-the past, the present, and future in one handful of earth.
Drumbellower①By the second night after the kami had drifted into town, the local general store was completely sold out of earplugs.
Drumhunter①"I feel the vine-rhythm as my friends drive the beast to me. I will not miss my mark."
Drunau Corpse Trawler①Seagrafs yield an abundance of resources for stitchers and ghoulcallers alike.
Dry Spell①"My soul thirsts for Serra's salvation, as does my body for life's breath."↵-Ihsan's Shade
Dry Spell①"Wherever water is lacking, all things suffer."↵-Autumn Willow
Dry Spell①A fist of dust to line your throat, a bowl of sand to fill your belly.
Dryad Arbor①"Touch no tree, break no branch, and speak only the question you wish answered."↵-Von Yomm, elder druid, to her initiates
Dryad Greenseeker①"The land already knows its destiny. I simply ask it to share the tale with me."
Dryad Militant①"We will defend the Worldsoul from Izzet 'progress' at any cost."
Dryad Sophisticate①From Tin Street to the Outcast Mansions, she walks unbidden and unbound, her graceful silence never shaken by the riot of city life around her.
Dryad of the Ilysian Grove①"Vine-wreathed, he nurtures life among the dead."↵-Psemilla, Meletian poet
Dryad's Caress①"I awoke to the face of beauty, my body fully healed. In that moment I knew my destiny was the Conclave's to shape."↵-Rogad, Selesnya initiate
Dryad's Favor①She grants knowledge of the ways to traverse the forest's invisible connections.
Dryad's Revival①"Pleased to meet you, Seven."
Dual Casting①Hours after the Helvault opened, his powers returned twice as strong as before.
Dual Shot①"Through me the rage of Tilonalli burns twice as bright."
Dual Shot①There is an eagerness among the Quiver of Kessig to prove they are the equal of the other cathar orders.
Dualcaster Mage①"It has been my experience that disasters like to strike in pairs."
Dub①"Rise, knight of New Benalia."
Duct Crawler①"Boss told us to try and train 'em. Trained it to attack-it ate Flugg. Trained it to run fast-it got away. Success!"↵-Dlig, goblin spelunker
Duct Crawler①"The mountain's ducts will be like organ pipes, amplifying the glorious roar of the dying."↵-Stronghold architect, journal
Due Respect①"A display of humility is required of those who still possess such frailties."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Duelcraft Trainer①"It's all in the follow-through."
Dueling Grounds①"You think you can stop me?" hissed Tsabo. "I think I can kill you," replied Gerrard.
Duelist's Heritage①The best techniques outlive their creators.
Duergar Assailant①Some duergars dismiss the world above as a fable. They react violently when their comfortable illusions are dispelled.
Duergar Cave-Guard①Duergars who grow too large to live in the tunnels are sent topside to defend the entrances from intruders.
Duergar Mine-Captain①Duergars are prodigious workers with long memories. Some still fulfill intricately detailed orders given decades, if not centuries, before.
Duh①Will players understand that the creature is being crushed by two parentheses? Not a chance.
Dukhara Peafowl①Elegant filigree birds perch along the eleven bridges that cross Canal Dukhara.
Dukhara Scavenger①The teeth marks add character.
Dulcet Sirens①What are the orders of a king or the demands of a creed next to such melodies?
Dumb Ass①Envying the intelligence of goblins is a bad place to be.
Dune Beetle①The scouring sands of Shefet polish its carapace, and the ranks of the cursed fill its belly.
Dune Diviner①The desert had once been a place of endless horror. It was now the last refuge as the city of Naktamun fell.
Dune-Brood Nephilim①When it awoke, it spawned nameless thousands to herald its arrival.
Duneblast①The Abzan turn to this spell only as a last resort, for its inevitable result is what they most dread: to be alone.
Dunerider Outlaw①Tales of the outlaw's cruelty and might grew more embellished with each crime.
Dunes of the Dead①The Curse of Wandering permeated Amonkhet long before Nicol Bolas. He simply harnessed it.
Dungeon Crawler①"I think of it as giving them another chance to achieve their potential."↵-Nestus Wrasse, necromancer
Dungeon Delver①You're driven not by a lust for gold or baubles, but by the thrill of danger and the excitement of the unknown.
Dungeon Map①"Wait, is that a secret door? I can't tell for sure . . . there's some blood in the way."
Dungeon Shade①A sickness stirs in its eyes, a nightmare born in darkened wails.
Dungrove Elder①All the trees of the forest are his army, and every leaf his shield.
Durable Coilbug①"I've seen them survive lava, trampling, and a moloch's digestive system. They just roll out and get on with their lives!"↵-Gannet, Skysail zoologist
Duress①"Change your mind, or I'll change it for you."
Duress①"Don't worry. I'm not going to deprive you of all your secrets. Just your most precious one."↵-Liliana Vess
Duress①"It hurts more if you think about it."↵-Hooks, Cabal torturer
Duress①"Magic brought peace to the Vastlands but was soon corrupted."↵-*The Mystic Age: A Saga of Spells*
Duress①"We decide who is worthy of our works."↵-Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Duress①"Your nightmares inspire me, Dack."
Duress①"Your voice. Pushing me. Picking me up . . . when all the colors were black."↵-Jinx
Duress①Resistance is unthinkable.
Duress①Sarkhan was eager to take vengeance on Zurgo until he saw how lowly his old foe had become.
Duress①Solitude and starvation are brutal punishments, but even worse is all that time to think.
Duress①The Voldaren torture pits are so expansive that prisoners have a nasty tendency to be forgotten for years.
Durkwood Boars①"And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine: and the herd ran violently . . . ."↵-*The Bible*, Mark 5:13
Durkwood Boars①"And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine: and the herd ran violently . . . ."↵-Mark 5:13
Durkwood Boars①"And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine; and the herd ran violently . . . ."↵-*The Bible*, Mark 5:13
Durkwood Boars①"And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine; and the herd ran violently . . ." -Mark 5:13
Durkwood Tracker①These days, trackers must follow their quarry over years as well as miles.
Dusk Charger①Stories say demon blood runs in its veins, making it fearless and bloodthirsty.
Dusk Feaster①The Voldaren lands remained well protected when Olivia's army marched from Lurenbraum Fortress.
Dusk Imp①Imps are just intelligent enough to have an understanding of cruelty.
Dusk Imp①It despises humans and squirrels and beasts and dwarves and cephalids . . . well, it despises just about everything.
Dusk Legion Dreadnought①It loomed up over the horizon, silent and dark as a grave.
Dusk Legion Zealot①Once they reached Orazca, the Legion's explorers ransacked tombs and temples, hunting for the Immortal Sun.
Dusk Urchins①They spawn from shadow, wreaking chaos until shadow claims them again.
Duskborne Skymarcher①"The hour of Dusk is come."
Duskdale Wurm①"Last time, it tore up the Wilt-Leaf, turned Mistmeadow into a mudhole, and made the river jump its banks. On the bright side, we were eating venison for weeks."↵-Donal Alloway, cenn of Kinscaer
Duskfang Mentor①"What she sees, I see. What she tastes, I taste."
Duskhunter Bat①The swamps go silent at its approach, but it still hears the heartbeat of the prey within.
Duskmantle Operative①Gideon eyed the Dimir emissary warily. "Could your agents slip inside Bolas's citadel?" The figure met his gaze with icy resolve. "We already have."
Duskmantle, House of Shadow①In a space where there is no room, in a structure that was never built, meets the guild that doesn't exist.
Duskrider Falcon①"Seaborne ships have their dolphins to dance in their wakes; I have my duskriders."↵-Sisay, journal
Duskshell Crawler①They often perch on street lamps, causing the poles to buckle under their weight.
Duskwielder①"My shadow alone will slay you."
Duskworker①At the setting of each sun, it emerges to clean Mirrodin's floor of the day's carrion.
Dust Corona①"They infiltrated deep into the enemy camp under cover of darkness . . . and dirt."↵-Corus, viashino warrior
Dust Stalker①The only traces it leaves are silent gusts and prodigious amounts of wreckage.
Dust to Dust①"All this nonsense made by mages Rusts and crumbles through the ages."↵-Aline Corralurn, "Inheritance"
Dust to Dust①"All this nonsense made by mages↵Rusts and crumbles through the ages."↵-Aline Corralurn, "Inheritance"
Dust to Dust①Tervish never noticed that the amulet had vanished. It had disappeared not only from his possession, but from his memory as well.
Dutiful Attendant①The dragon who eats the last head in the basket is entitled to the servant's.
Dutiful Return①"We have a word for enemies too mutilated for military service: furniture."↵-Taigam, Sidisi's Hand
Dutiful Return①When Malakir's surgeons failed, its death-shamans took over.
Dutiful Servants①Buildings crumbled and monuments fell. The river bled and the sky wept tears of fire. All the while, servants silently continued their work, oblivious to it all.
Dutiful Thrull①"They are useful, but there's little satisfaction in supplication that throws itself under your heel."↵-Jozica, Orzhov enforcer
Dwarfhold Champion①Courage is neither a shield nor an axe, but the will to wield both in defense of the innocent.
Dwarven Armorer①"The few remaining pieces from this period suggest the Dwarves eventually made weapons and armor out of everything, even children's toys."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Dwarven Armory①"Few of us left, now. Confounded Yeti have opened all the vents. We'd best hide here with the weapons."↵-Perena Deepcutter, Dwarven Armorer
Dwarven Berserker①"I may be small, but I can kick *your* butt."
Dwarven Blastminer①"Life is too short for something like a hunk of rock to get in my way."
Dwarven Bloodboiler①His battle cry unleashes an avalanche of dwarves.
Dwarven Catapult①"Often greatly outnumbered in battle, Dwarves relied on catapults as one means of damaging a large army."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Dwarven Catapult①"Often greatly outnumbered in battle, dwarves relied on catapults as one means of damaging a large army."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Dwarven Demolition Team①Foolishly, Najib retreated to his castle at El-Abar; the next morning he was dead. In just one night, the dwarven forces had reduced the mighty walls to mere rubble.
Dwarven Driller①"Drill the planet, it's no trouble: Mining granite, making rubble."↵-Dwarven drilling song
Dwarven Grunt①Hard as stone and twice as stubborn.↵-Dwarven compliment
Dwarven Lieutenant①"Dwarven officers were tireless in battle, moving up and down the lines to rally their troops and boost morale."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Dwarven Miner①"Fetch the pestridder, Paka-we've got dwarves in the rutabagas!"↵-Jamul, Femeref farmer
Dwarven Nomad①A dwarf's life belongs as much to the land as to the dwarf.↵-Creed of the Stonethrow Clan
Dwarven Patrol①Dwarves never worry about who watches their backs.
Dwarven Pony①"I hear Halina's got a pony that can count to six-and likes to eat meat."↵-Chandler
Dwarven Priest①"These storied halls are under my protection."
Dwarven Reinforcements①"Orders? We don't wait for orders!"
Dwarven Scorcher①Barbarians invented the blaze of glory. Dwarves perfected it.
Dwarven Sea Clan①"No dwarf alive can best one of my crew dead."↵-Zeki, Reef Pirate
Dwarven Soldier①"Although the Dwarves staunchly defended their walled city-states against the Orcs, their civilization was the first to fall, and its name was sadly lost."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Dwarven Soldier①"Let no one say we did not fight until the last . . . ."↵-Headstone fragment from a mass grave found in the Crimson Peaks
Dwarven Soldier①"Orc must die / Orc must die / Not an orc? / March on by."↵-Dwarven marching song
Dwarven Soldier①There is a legend among present-day Dwarves that the Dwarves of Sarpadia will one day return to defend Dwarvenkind against a deadly peril.
Dwarven Strike Force①Any given foothill may hide dozens of dwarves waiting to spill from their tunnels like fire ants.
Dwarven Trader①"Their definition of 'fair profit' is certainly novel."↵-Reveka, Wizard Savant
Dwarven Trader①"They wouldn't sell their own families-at least, not for cheap."↵-Zeki, Reef Pirate
Dwarven Vigilantes①Some dwarves can only be pushed so far.
Dwarven Weaponsmith①"Work with zeal as hammers peal! Melt, anneal, and pound the steel!" -Old Dwarvish forge-chant
Dwarven Weaponsmith①"Work with zeal as hammers peal! Melt, anneal, and pound the steel!"↵-Old Dwarvish forge-chant
Dwell on the Past①None can find what hasn't been lost.↵-Nantuko teaching
Dwindle①The collection didn't have room to expand, so the wizard improvised a solution.
Dwynen's Elite①"Come, my beautiful brothers and sisters. Let us hunt."↵-Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf daen
Dwynen's Elite①Call one, call them all.
Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen①"This is our land. We will not allow eyeblights to poison its beauty."
Dying Wail①This is a world of spiteful wasps that sting and kill even as they die.
Dying Wish①"I wish I could rewrite my every deed and kill you with my first breath instead of my last."
Dying to Serve①"I used to have hired hands, but I discovered they make better waitstaff with the rest of the body attached."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Dynacharge①Nothing evens the odds like a little lightning.
Dynavolt Tower①"I like that Tezzeret. He has vision the other judges don't. He sees the potential in what we're making here."↵-Faiz, inventor
Eager Cadet①"Training? Seeing my crops burnt to cinders was all the 'training' I needed."
Eager Cadet①The enthusiasm of the young, sharpened by the discipline of a soldier.
Eager Construct①Loyal to a fault, it anticipates its master's every need.
Eager First-Year①Today, she learns the basics. She'll knock out advanced theory later this week.
Eagle of the Watch①"Even from miles away, I could see our eagles circling. That's when I gave the command to pick up the pace. I knew we were needed at home."↵-Kanlos, Akroan captain
Eagle of the Watch①"Even from miles away, I could see our eagles circling. That's when I knew we were needed at home."↵-Kanlos, Akroan captain
Early Frost①Under its mists, the earth sleeps.
Early Harvest①"Earth's increase, foison plenty, Barns and garners never empty: Vines with clust'ring bunches growing; Plants with goodly burden bowing."↵-William Shakespeare, *The Tempest*
Early Harvest①"Give it a week and it will feed an army."
Early Harvest①"Tonight we'll eat a farewell feast. Cold corn porridge is not enough. / Let's peel papayas, pineapples, and mangoes, drink coconut milk, / and bake bananas."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Earnest Fellowship①"The world has enough strife as it is. Where would we be if we turned against each other?"↵-Pianna, nomad captain
Earsplitting Rats①Rats come in one amount: too many.
Earth Elemental①Earth Elementals have the eternal strength of stone and the endurance of mountains. Primordially connected to the land they inhabit, they take a long-term view of things, scorning the impetuous haste of short-lived mortal creatures.
Earth Elemental①Earth elementals have the eternal strength of stone and the endurance of mountains. Primordially connected to the land they inhabit, they take a long-term view of things, scorning the impetuous haste of short-lived mortal creatures.
Earth Elemental①Its voice has the tremor of deafening thunder, its blow the force of an avalanche.
Earth Servant①"Fire. Air. Water. These elements spread, filling in the spaces they are not. But earth is implacable like a sullen child."↵-Jestus Dreya, *Of Elements and Eternity*
Earth Surge①"Some gardeners sing to plants. I tell them stories-stories of how they once ruled the world, of the mortals who destroyed their kind, and of revenge."↵-Bougrat, druid of the Cult of Yore
Earth Tremor①"Every cave-in is Moradin telling you to leave the earth where it is."↵-Halgar, dwarven recluse
Earth-Origin Yak①Deep in the Northern Mountains, the yaks linger silently, channeling the powers of the earth.
Earthblighter①"A single dedicated mind can bring about the greatest destruction. That, or goblins-goblins work too."
Earthbrawn①Gremil finally felt in touch with nature-and felt a need to share the experience with others.
Earthcraft①"The land gives up little, but we are masters of persuasion."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Earthlore①"Even the ground is our friend."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Earthquake①They fell screaming into the depths of the chasm like so many pebbles tossed down a well.
Earthshaker Giant①"Come, my wild children. Let's give the interlopers a woodland welcome."
Earthshaker①It scaled the Sokenzan Mountains in search of Kumano's secret. The mountain shook for two days, and the kami never returned.
Earthshaking Si①"For reasons unknown to me, herds in the Arrow Bamboo Forest have become more and more agitated."↵-Jiang Yanggu's travelogue
Eastern Paladin①"Their fragile world. Their futile lives. They obstruct the Grand Evolution. In Yawgmoth's name, we shall excise them."↵-Oath of the East
Eastern Paladin①"There is no worse enemy. His passion for death doesn't just border on insanity, it wallows in it."↵-Southern paladin
Eastern Paladin①"There is no worse enemy. His passion for death doesn't just border on insanity, it wallows in it."↵-The Southern Paladin
Easy Prey①The definition of "bite-sized treat" depends on who you ask.
Eat to Extinction①"Kroxa devours what he may-not for sustenance or pleasure, but because it is his nature. He is unending hunger given form."↵-Klothys, god of destiny
Eaten Alive①"If you hear a groaning noise in the cellar, don't investigate. Don't split up. Just lock the door and barricade it."↵-Emili, guard captain
Eaten by Spiders①After sampling many victims, the spider developed a preference for the undead and their accoutrements.
Eater of Days①When Mirrodin's varied civilizations developed ways to fight the levelers, Memnarch upped the stakes.
Eater of Hope①Gods can be appeased. Demons, however . . .
Eater of the Dead①Even the putrid muscles of the dead can provide strength to those loathsome enough to consume them.
Ebon Dragon①"The dragon wing of night o'erspreads the earth."↵-*Troilus and Cressida*, William Shakespeare
Ebon Drake①The deadliest killers serve only those who are not afraid to die.
Ebony Owl Netsuke①"Owls filled the skies during the Kami War, harbingers of darker times to come."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Ebony Rhino①"That Rhino would fetch us a tidy sum, Joven. Perhaps it's time to make it ours."↵-Chandler
Ebony Treefolk①Its roots are equally happy to drink the water of a clear stream or the oily blood of a Phyrexian warrior.
Eccentric Farmer①"Careful now. Don't want to get the seeds stuck to your feelers like last time."
Echo Circlet①After the vanishing of the elder generations, the Anvil Tribe developed creative solutions to their personnel shortages.
Echo Inspector①The rendezvous took place hours ago, but the Obscura agent read the residue with ease.
Echo Storm①An organized and methodical reproduction.
Echo of Eons①The present is a matter of perspective.
Echoes of the Kin Tree①Even after Anafenza was executed, many secretly maintained their beliefs in the old ways.
Echoing Calm①A single light unleashes a hail of cleansing.
Echoing Courage①A single seed unleashes a flurry of growth.
Echoing Decay①A single fear unleashes a torrent of nightmares.
Echoing Equation①"Any good experiment is repeatable."
Echoing Return①A single ambition unleashes a legion of horrors.
Echoing Ruin①A single misstep unleashes an avalanche of ruin.
Echoing Truth①A single lie unleashes a tide of disbelief.
Ecstatic Awakener①"Great Ormendahl, I kneel before you, a fragment of your will, a servant of your tyranny. I beg you, release the strength within me!"
Ecstatic Awakener①"Great Ormendahl, I kneel before you, a fragment of your will, a servant of your tyrrany. I beg you, release the strength within me!"
Edgar's Awakening①"Here you go. Can't have you sleeping through your own wedding day."
Edgar, Charmed Groom①"It is in the hold, perhaps in one of those boxes. I'll unscrew them one by one and see. You work the helm."
Edgar, Charmed Groom①"Our kind has taken my gift for granted. It is time to correct that folly."
Edge of Autumn①"At harvest are seeds of next year sown."
Edge of the Divinity①The divinity's patronage confers both wicked grace and graceful wickedness.
Edgewall Innkeeper①"Warmth. Safety. A fully-stocked larder. You'll find nothing like Edgewall Keep in the wilds, I promise you that!"
Edric, Spymaster of Trest①"I am not at liberty to reveal my sources, but I can assure you, the price on your head is high."
Eelectrocute①The midway's games aren't so much rigged as they are insulated and grounded.
Eerie Interlude①The barrier between existence and oblivion is thinner than you know.
Eerie Procession①"Though in years past speculation was not encouraged about the strange ways of kami, now we must understand their motivations, if such is even possible to the mortal mind."↵-Lady Azami
Eerie Ultimatum①"The ground under our feet is a record of every slight against the world, to be avenged at a time of its choosing."↵-Gavi, nest warden
Efficient Construction①For some of Ghirapur's aerowrights, building thopters is a byproduct of larger construction efforts.
Ego Erasure①When all is taken away, all are equal.
Egon, God of Death①Egon ages backward, his wisdom soured by youthful spite.
Eidolon of Blossoms①The emotional echoes of dryad gatherings attract lost souls.
Eidolon of Inspiration①"Agios was felled by a minotaur's blade, but I swear I have seen him since-in the midst of battle, wherever help is needed most."↵-Phrokos, soldier of Akros
Eidolon of Obstruction①Death turned admirable conviction into pointless intransigence.
Eidolon of Philosophy①"And what did Erekastos teach us is the nature of the soul?"
Eidolon of Rhetoric①It is the soul of a philosopher who died of starvation contemplating the universe.
Eidolon of the Great Revel①"Nothing like a bit of arson to really get the party started."↵-Xenagos, the Reveler
Eidolon of the Great Revel①Xenagos reveled while Theros burned.
Eiganjo Castle①Since the war began, the castle's walls mark the only place on Kamigawa where no kami has ever set foot.
Eiganjo Exemplar①Imperial samurai undergo strict training, honing their skills and purifying their spirits in the hope that they will prove worthy of a kami's blessing.
Eiganjo Free-Riders①"The air filled with dust and the sound of wingbeats. The mothriders had joined the fray."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Eiganjo Uprising①Two different visions of freedom clashed at the gates of the Imperial Palace.
Eight-and-a-Half-Tails①"Virtue is an inner light that can prevail in every soul."
Ekundu Cyclops①"Big one I, One big eye. One-eye see Two-eye die!"↵-Traditional cyclops chant
Ekundu Griffin①"My goat was a small price to pay for the chance to see the hunting griffin dive and seize it."↵-Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Ekundu Griffin①"My goat was a small price to pay for the chance to see the hunting griffin dive and seize it."↵-Suq'Ata trader
Eladamri's Call①Tribal rivalries and petty disputes were laid aside at Eladamri's summons.
Eladamri's Vineyard①The mushroom wine made Gerrard's head spin, and his stomach soon followed suit.
Eladamri, Lord of Leaves①"We have been patient. We have planned our attack. We are ready . . . *now*."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Eladamri①Proud, shrewd, and charismatic, Eladamri has a commitment to his people that is absolute. The guerilla war he wages against Volrath has convinced him that the only way to liberate the Skyshroud elves is to lead *all* Rath's refugees to freedom. So be it.
Elas il-Kor, Sadistic Pilgrim①"All will bow to the Whispering One."
Elbrus, the Binding Blade①Those who grasp its hilt soon hear the demon's call.
Elder Cathar①"My greatest hope is that you will surpass me in every way, consigning my name to some forgotten corner of history."
Elder Druid①"Did clouds dance in his eyes, did thorns play at his fingertips?"↵-Shesul Fass, faerie bard
Elder Druid①"I am older than any Elder Druid before me, and still no child has been born with the Mark to take my place. When will the wheel turn?"↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Elder Druid①"I may seem wise to you, but I'm merely a sapling among mighty oaks."
Elder Land Wurm①Sometimes it's best to let sleeping dragons lie.
Elder Mastery①Taste his power, hunger for his command.
Elder of Laurels①Hopes and prayers can carry the same force as swords and torches.
Elderfang Disciple①"One day, the great serpent will rejoin us on Skemfar, and those who've wronged us will taste of our venom."
Elderfang Ritualist①Her fingers stiffened as the shrouded corpse stirred. Her final, ragged breath was one of triumph. "Return, my chosen, and grant our people victory!"
Elderfang Venom①"The Cosmos Serpent favored us with his venom. As thanks, we sink fangs into those who dishonor the old ways."
Elderleaf Mentor①"Our ancestors grew complacent in their divinity, allowing their lessers to topple them. Never again."
Elderwood Scion①The Sunbriar druids believe that every life begins in its heart and ends under its hooves.
Eldrazi Aggressor①"They employ a foul sort of teamwork."↵-General Tazri, allied commander
Eldrazi Conscription①The barest taste of Eldrazi power shatters both realms and identities.
Eldrazi Devastator①"No matter how big your champion, theirs is bigger. No matter how great your numbers, theirs are greater. No matter how voracious your appetite, they are hungrier. That is why the Eldrazi will win."↵-Kalitas, thrall of Ulamog
Eldrazi Mimic①It is consistently inconsistent.
Eldrazi Monument①"Gods don't die. They merely slumber."↵-Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Eldrazi Temple①Each temple is a door to a horrible future.
Eldritch Pact①The Night Serpent tasted the warlock's ambition and savored the dark hunger in her soul.
Electrify①"Some hid from the storm. I embraced it and learned its name."
Electrodominance①"Basically, we turn a bunch of little lightnings into one big lightning."
Electrolyze①"The hydraulic power grip was a failure, but the gauntlets were a shocking success."↵-Journal of the Prime Izmagnus
Electrolyze①The Izzet learn something from every lesson they teach.
Electropotence①Where life and force collide.
Electrostatic Bolt①It's hard to avoid electric shock when the entire plane is metallic.
Electrostatic Field①"It's both an ingress-denial mechanism and an attractive hallway light!"↵-Daxiver, Izzet electromancer
Electrostatic Infantry①"That's not exactly what I had in mind when I said 'charge,' but I like your enthusiasm!"↵-Balmor, battlemage captain
Electryte①Shivan inhabitants are hardened to fire, so their predators have developed alternative weaponry.
Elegant Entourage①"Terribly sorry, but this is a private party, and your name isn't on the list."
Elemental Augury①"It is the changing of perception that is important."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Elemental Bond①"I want to help Zendikar. Show me the way."↵-Nissa Revane
Elemental Masterpiece①Rootha passed with flying, living colors.
Elemental Summoning①"You've made a splash. Now show me a torrent."↵-Uvilda, Prismari dean
Elemental Uprising①"My heart and Zendikar's beat as one. Together we will endure."↵-Nissa Revane
Elenda, the Dusk Rose①Her centuries-long search is ended.
Elephant Grass①"How have I angered nature that she would imprison me in a labyrinth of grass?"↵-Kasib ibn Naji, Letters
Elephant Guide①Nature's strength outlives the strong.
Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite①"The Gitaxians whisper among themselves of other worlds. If they exist, we must bring Phyrexia's magnificence to them."
Elf Replica①It hunts with unnerving ferocity.
Elfhame Druid①The bond between Llanowar elves and their kavu empowers both.
Elfhame Palace①Llanowar has seven elfhames, or kingdoms, each with its own ruler. Their palaces are objects of awe, wonder, and envy.
Elfhame Palace①The elfhames are the closest thing to "civilization" the elves allow themselves.
Elfhame Wurm①The wurms consume everything in their path, so the elves make sure that their path goes through as many Phyrexians as possible.
Elgaud Inquisitor①"It will take more than steel alone to purge this world of evil."
Eligeth, Crossroads Augur①"There's no better place to divine the future than at a nexus of branching presents."
Eliminate the Competition①Open hostilities are strictly forbidden at the Inventors' Fair, but "accidents" still happen.
Eliminate①"Cruelty? No. This is necessity."↵-Kaervek
Eliminate①"It takes so little energy to erase a person. It's almost like the universe doesn't care that they existed at all."↵-Extus Narr
Elite Archers①Arrows fletched with the feathers of angels seldom miss their mark.
Elite Archers①They fletch their arrows with the feathers of angels.
Elite Arrester①"Hold it! I need to see your papers."
Elite Cat Warrior①"Hear that? No? *That's* a cat warrior."
Elite Cat Warrior①"Hear that? No? That's a cat warrior."
Elite Guardmage①"Be careful. You'll have more than Dovin to contend with if you hope to breach New Prahv."↵-Lavinia, to Chandra Nalaar
Elite Headhunter①Nothing remains of his foes but the gripping story of their downfall.
Elite Inquisitor①"No matter how many I kill, there are always more to hunt. It makes me smile just to think about it."
Elite Instructor①The greatest minds in Meletis study under the masters at the Dekatia, a renowned school of magic and philosophy.
Elite Javelineer①"Precision is frequently more valuable than force."
Elite Javelineer①"Precision is frequently more valuable than force."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Elite Skirmisher①Some adopted the tactics of the leonin to combat the ferocity of the minotaurs.
Elite Spellbinder①Paulo Vitor Damo da Rosa, World Champion XXVI
Elite Vanguard①The vanguard is skilled at waging war alone. The enemy is often defeated before its reinforcements reach the front.
Elixir of Immortality①"Bottled life. Not as tasty as I'm used to, rather stale, but it has the same effect."↵-Baron Sengir
Elixir of Vitality①"Eternal life or your money back."↵-Unnamed Suq'Ata merchant, deceased
Elminster's Simulacrum①"Why simply sit back and applaud the good ideas of others when I can improve upon them?"↵-Elminster
Elsewhere Flask①One night Oona bottled the sky. The next night she aligned the stars and released it.
Elspeth's Devotee①"For her, I would gladly die again."
Elturel Survivors①They fought with the desperate courage of those who have nothing left to lose.
Elturgard Ranger①Since the fall of Elturel, they've walked the Sword Coast from Tethyr to Icewind Dale, eyes always on their prey.
Elusive Spellfist①"Learn to see an obstacle from a new perspective. Underneath, for example."↵-Chanyi, Ojutai monk
Elusive Tormentor①Older vampires are usually more cautious than the newly-sired, calling upon ancient magic for which neonates lack patience.
Elven Ambush①"No elf can match a Tuskeri in combat. Why not charge?"↵-Knorjolvin, Tuskeri raider
Elven Cache①"The elves can hide better than most can look."↵-Mwani, Mtenda herder
Elven Cache①Elves know where to harvest the best of the forest, for they planted it themselves.
Elven Cache①Elves know where to harvest the best of the forest, for they planted it there themselves.
Elven Fortress①"Burn it down, you say? Now *there's* a stupid idea. What do you suppose will become of those overhanging branches, hmm? And then what do you suppose will become of us?"↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Elven Fortress①"Thallids are not ordinary enemies of flesh and bone and reason. They attack with no thought for our strength or of their own losses. I fear our Fortresses shall be overwhelmed."↵-Kyliki of Havenwood
Elven Fortress①"The size of the obvious Fortress walls often misled foes. Actually, the Elves enchanted the forest itself to provide the first line of defense with tangling vines and stinging thorns."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Elven Fortress①Many Elven Fortresses weren't built by masons and carpenters, but created from the living forest itself.
Elven Lyre①Scholars are uncertain whether it was the actual sound or some other magical property of the Elven Lyre that transformed its player.
Elven Lyre①Scholars are uncertain whether it was the actual sound or some other magical property of the elven lyre that transformed its player.
Elven Palisade①"Volrath is not the only one who can shape this world to serve him."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Elven Riders①"Sometimes it is better to be swift of foot than strong of swordarm."↵-Elven Proverb
Elven Riders①"Sometimes it is better to be swift of foot than strong of swordarm."↵-Elven proverb
Elven Riders①"Wirewood cannot hide great size. Only with speed and skill can we survive here."
Elven Riders①Sometimes it is better to be swift of foot than strong of swordarm.↵-Elven proverb
Elven Rite①As the bough stretches, so shall you grow. As the roots spread, so shall you thrive.
Elven Warhounds①"If a creature is dumb enough to love you for leashing it, why would you want to follow its lead?"↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Elves of Deep Shadow①"They are aberrations who have turned on everything we hold sacred. Let them be cast out." -Ailheen, Speaker of the Council
Elves of Deep Shadow①"They are aberrations who have turned on everything we hold sacred. Let them be cast out."↵-Ailheen, Speaker of the Council
Elves of Deep Shadow①Cast out of the Conclave generations ago, these elves found a home in the corrupted districts of the Golgari.
Elves of Deep Shadow①They are aberrations who have turned on everything we hold sacred. Let them be cast out."↵-Ailheen, Speaker of the Council
Elvish Archdruid①"The elves tend the forest, and the forest sustains the elves. My role is to ensure that the cycle continues."
Elvish Archdruid①He knows the name of every elf born in the last four centuries. More importantly, they all know his.
Elvish Archers①"I tell you, there was so many arrows flying about you couldn't hardly see the sun. So I says to young Angus, 'Well, at least now we're fighting in the shade!'"
Elvish Archers①I tell you, there was so many arrows flying about you couldn't hardly see the sun. So I says to young Angus, "Well, at least now we're fighting in the shade!"
Elvish Archers①The archers have a reputation for attacking without warning. They claim that the first arrow *is* the warning.
Elvish Bard①Helplessly drawn in, the bard's enemies quickly find there's more than song to be found.
Elvish Berserker①Their fury scatters enemies like a pile of dry leaves.
Elvish Branchbender①"How do the vinebred feel? Fah! We do not ask the puppet how it feels when the puppeteer bids it dance."
Elvish Champion①"For what are leaves but countless blades To fight a countless foe on high."↵-Elvish hymn
Elvish Champion①"For what are leaves but countless blades To fight a countless foe on high."↵-Skyshroud hymn
Elvish Champion①"We've endured your slights to Gaea with the grace of tolerance. Now behold the grace of our ferocity."
Elvish Clancaller①No single root feeds the forest.
Elvish Doomsayer①"From a tiny doubt, the greatest fears grow and flourish. May the weeds of your mind be equally fruitful."
Elvish Eulogist①"No matter how adept our artistic skill, our effigies can never hope to capture the vibrant beauty of a living elf. Perhaps that is truly why we mourn."
Elvish Fury①Fail to respect the forest and you will fertilize it.
Elvish Guidance①"Old home never forgotten, new home ours forever."
Elvish Handservant①The hardest lesson for any elf to learn is humility. It takes a giant to teach that.
Elvish Healer①"The Kjeldorans keep the Orcs at bay and we train their healers. Most human bargains aren't as fair."↵-Laina of the Elvish Council
Elvish Herder①Before Urza and Mishra came to Argoth, the herders prevented their creatures from stampeding. During the war, they encouraged it.
Elvish Hexhunter①"All manner of curses, blights, and luckspoils infect Shadowmoor. We stalk them all, one perilous quest at a time."
Elvish House Party①The party was going strong for nearly an hour past midnight-then all of a sudden it just petered out.
Elvish Hunter①"As the climate cooled, many Elves turned to Thallid farming for food, while the Hunters honed their skills on what little game remained."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Elvish Hunter①"As the climate cooled, many elves turned to thallid farming for food, while the hunters honed their skills on what little game remained."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Elvish Hunter①"Elves often tipped their arrows with a drug that caused a deep but harmless sleep."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Elvish Hunter①The Elves never had a standing army; when battle came, they pressed Hunters, Scouts, and Farmers into a surprisingly effective militia.
Elvish Hydromancer①"Water remembers every living thing that has ever been a part of. We need only to bring that recollection to the surface."
Elvish Impersonators①"Uh-hunh."
Elvish Lookout①Like a masterful quilter, Yavimaya stitches together patches of color to warn its denizens of threats.
Elvish Lyrist①"Make me thy lyre, even as the forest is: What if my leaves are falling like its own!"↵-Percy Bysshe Shelley,↵"Ode to the West Wind"
Elvish Lyrist①"Make me thy lyre, even as the forest is:↵What if my leaves are falling like its own!"↵-Percy Bysshe Shelley,↵"Ode to the West Wind"
Elvish Lyrist①Bring the spear of ancient briar; Bring the torch to light the pyre. Bring the one who trod our ground; Bring the spade to dig his mound.
Elvish Lyrist①Each pluck of the strings breaks the hold of the unnatural on the world.
Elvish Lyrist①To an elf, magic and music are the same.
Elvish Mystic①"I ask you, one who has returned to arms of nature, what dreams await in the slumber of death?"
Elvish Mystic①"Life grows everywhere. My kin merely find those places where it grows strongest."↵-Nissa Revane
Elvish Pathcutter①In harsh times, the strongest currency is cooperation.
Elvish Pioneer①"Destruction is the work of an afternoon. Creation is the work of a lifetime."
Elvish Pioneer①"Destruction is the work of an afternoon. Creation is the work of a lifetime."↵-Kamahl, druid acolyte
Elvish Piper①"From Gaea grew the world, and the world was silent. From Gaea grew the world's elves, and the world was silent no more."↵-Elvish teaching
Elvish Piper①From Gaea grew the world, and the world was silent. From Gaea grew the world's elves, and the world was silent no more.↵-Elvish teaching
Elvish Promenade①The faultless and immaculate castes form the lower tiers of elvish society, with the exquisite caste above them. At the pinnacle is the perfect, a consummate blend of aristocrat and predator.
Elvish Ranger①"How can any Human hope to match our skills? We are children of Fyndhorn, and its sap runs in our veins."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Elvish Ranger①"How can any human hope to match our skills? We are children of Fyndhorn, and its sap runs in our veins."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Elvish Ranger①"No one may fault an Elvish Ranger's heart, but the simplest frailty may fell even the proudest warrior."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Elvish Ranger①It's up to you if you enter their woods-and up to them if you leave.
Elvish Scout①"Even for Elves, they were stealthy little twerps. They'd taken our measure before we'd even seen them."↵-Marshall Volnikov
Elvish Scout①Although the Elves of Havenwood lived in isolated villages, their swift communications allowed them to act as a single community.
Elvish Scout①Even one whose ears were closely tuned to the sounds of Havenwood could miss hearing a Scout move past.
Elvish Scrapper①"The stories tell of a distant time when machines overran the forests, destroying everything that lived. That time will not come again."
Elvish Skysweeper①The spires of Ravnica are no different from the tall trees of other planes. The elves navigate and protect them just the same.
Elvish Soultiller①Mutated elves wondered if this was their final form, or if it was just another step.
Elvish Spirit Guide①"The spirits of the Whispering Woods are mysterious and mercurial. Follow one, and you're just as likely to end up at the center of the forest as you are at your own front door."↵-Greensleeves, High Wizard of the Domains
Elvish Spirit Guide①"We are never without guidance, if we but seek it."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Elvish Spirit Guide①"We are never without guidance, if we but seek it."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Elvish Vanguard①"Our lives are woven together like the trees' branches over our heads, forming a canopy that protects us all."
Elvish Visionary①"From a tiny sprout, the greatest trees grow and flourish. May the seeds of your mind be equally fruitful."
Elvish Visionary①Before any major undertaking, a Cylian elf seeks the guidance of a visionary to learn the will of the gargantuan ancients.
Elvish Warrior①"My tales of war are the stories most asked for around the fires at night, but they're the ones I care least to tell."
Elvish Warrior①As graceful as a deer leaping a stream and as deadly as the wolf waiting in ambush on the other side, elvish warriors are the eyes of the forest as well as its unsheathed claws.
Emancipation Angel①"You have done your best. I give you leave to rest."
Embalmer's Tools①"They might be dead, but these mummies are masters of their trade."↵-Jace Beleren
Ember Beast①Spot one ember beast, attack.↵Spot a second, best fall back.↵-Dwarven saying
Ember Beast①The only livestock that will survive for long in the Smelting District, ember beasts serve many functions-none of them willingly.
Ember Gale①"Terrible wind. It whipped sparks into our skin, then stoked them even hotter!"↵-Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Ember Hauler①Flurk's crude goblin language didn't differentiate between "I *bring* the flame" and "I *am* the flame."
Ember Hauler①Not every job in the goblin army is glamorous. Actually, *no* job in the goblin army is glamorous.
Ember Shot①Dwarves bring poor coal to market, use good coal in their homes, and throw their best coal away.
Ember Weaver①"Each night, the sun unravels and blows away. Each day, the spiders set a new one in the sky."↵-Sunseeder myth
Ember-Eye Wolf①No howl. No snarl. Just the roar of flames.
Ember-Fist Zubera①When the Honden of Infinite Rage shattered, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to sow mortal destruction.
Embereth Paladin①"The king would die for the realm. I would not hesitate to do the same for him."
Embereth Shieldbreaker①"Courage is the only shield I need."
Embereth Skyblazer①"We fight with valor in our hearts and fire in our veins!"
Emberhorn Minotaur①"My stride will break only against the twin points of Hazoret's spear."
Embersmith①The Vulshok see the artificer as a catalyst, bringing the spark of creation that ignites change.
Emberwilde Augur①Legends say a djinn gave the goblins a gift they could never hope to master.
Emberwilde Caliph①The fire breathes while the air burns.
Emberwilde Captain①"You are bold, challenger, but flammable."
Emberwilde Djinn①A hefty price is no guarantee of quality merchandise.
Embiggen①"Flea circus? No, flee circus!"
Emblem of the Warmind①"It takes but one spark to ignite a parched forest. Our hearts, I fear, are too dry for this new visitor."↵-Elek Longbeard
Embodiment of Agonies①"I feel your pain. It's exquisite."
Embodiment of Flame①Never again would she fear the dusk.
Embodiment of Spring①Arel dreamed of winter's end. The next morning she followed a strange trail and found a seedling in the snow.
Embraal Bruiser①In Embraal, inventor gangs defend their turf with ingenious devices and blunt objects.
Embraal Gear-Smasher①"A well-made wrench is a versatile, indispensable tool."
Embrace My Diabolical Vision①"My vision is for the good of everyone. Mostly me."
Emcee①The ogre appealed the match loss and got it downgraded to a warning.
Emerald Dragonfly①"Flittering, wheeling, / darting in to strike, and then / gone just as you blink." - "Dragonfly Haiku," poet unknown
Emerald Dragonfly①"Flittering, wheeling, / darting in to strike, and then / gone just as you blink." -"Dragonfly Haiku," poet unknown
Emerald Dragon①Emerald dragons hate prying eyes, and they have a host of ways to deter them.
Emerald Oryx①After the oryx dies, its flesh returns to the earth, but its emerald bones remain as a tribute to the forest.
Emergence Zone①The Planar Bridge opened over the Chamber of the Guildpact, reducing the symbol of Ravnica's endurance to rubble.
Emergent Growth①"By accepting my smallness I am vast."
Emeria Angel①When the earth shudders, the sky overflows.
Emeria Captain①"The gifts of the past must find their way into deserving hands."
Emeria's Call①"Iona no longer guards this place. We do."↵-Kasla, Emeria shepherd
Emeria, Shattered Skyclave①"You called it the castle of a god. It is less than that, and so much more."↵-Kasla, Emeria shepherd
Emmara Tandris①When Selesnya needed a champion, Emmara put the ranks of her guild before herself-making her the perfect choice.
Emmara, Soul of the Accord①"Whatever hatred destroys, a single act of trust can revive."
Emmessi Tome①It is like life and destiny: we think we know the story, but we have read only half the tale.
Emperor Crocodile①The king of Yavimaya's waters pays constant attention to his subjects . . . and thrives on their adulation.
Empowered Autogenerator①Magic, unlike physics, has no unbreakable laws.
Empress Galina①"Above the waves you may be mighty indeed, but down here you belong to me."
Empress Galina①Few diplomats can resist the charm of Her Serene Highness's imperial seal.
Empty City Ruse①Out of time and options, Kongming was forced to bluff at Xicheng. He tricked an army of 150,000 Wei by leaving the city gates open and calmly playing the zither.
Empty the Catacombs①When the dead are laid to rest in Ravnica, it's usually just a nap.
Empty the Pits①The Sultai would rebuild the empire on the backs of the dead.
Empty the Warrens①"They'd pour out of the warrens to make war (and to make room for the littering matrons)."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Empty the Warrens①It's never just *one* goblin.
Empty-Shrine Kannushi①"Crease the folds, bend the paper, turn the spirits, shield the soul."
Empyreal Voyager①"For years, I studied the aethersphere from afar, but it was not until I touched the aether for myself that I came to know the power contained in the swirling sky."
Empyrean Eagle①All the birds of the skies are the spirit's brood, gathered for safety under its wings.
Empyrial Archangel①Her wings are the prayers of the devoted; her sword, the despair of the vile.
Empyrial Armor①"An angel appeared in the smoldering skies above the fray, her clothes as flames, her armor as fire."↵-"Hymn of Angelfire"
Empyrial Plate①A body clad in steel reflects a warrior's resolve.
Empyrial Storm①An inspiring and glorious ascent.
Emrakul's Evangel①"In times like these, be particularly wary of those who claim they can save your soul."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Emrakul's Hatcher①Wordlessly it leads its abhorrent brood.
Emrakul's Influence①Hordes of Eldrazi and cultists swarmed over Thraben's defenses, and the members of the Gatewatch found themselves overrun.
Emrakul, the Promised End①An enigma as vexing as life itself.
Enatu Golem①Golems conjured from the debris of Enatu Temple provided a sturdy but expendable first line of defense against the Eldrazi.
Encampment Keeper①Paladins of the Sanctum Seeker order are an adventurous lot, venturing into the wilds with monstrous mastiffs at their side.
Enchanted Evening①In the reflection, she saw the rough shell of the world sloughing away, revealing the truth shining underneath.
Enchanted Evening①Tempest ends and water stills↵Gently reinventing the shape↵Of all things.
Enchanter's Bane①Those who fail to respect power will soon be consumed by it.
Enchantress's Presence①"The wise learn from successes as well as mistakes."
Encroaching Wastes①Every world is a work in progress, constantly reshaped by time, disasters, and even the powerful magic of Planeswalkers.
Encroach①"The rate of spread in this region is unacceptable. Start again."↵-Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Encrust①"Barnacles are the sea's final defense."↵-Garild, merfolk mage
Encrust①"The sea blesses the tiny with the power to fell the mighty."↵-Talrand, sky summoner
End Hostilities①Her palm flared like the eye of a waking dragon. Then all was calm.
End the Festivities①When the defenses around Lurenbraum Fortress faltered, the Crimson Ballroom received some unexpected guests.
End-Raze Forerunners①"Smash this city to pieces."↵-Domri Rade
Endangered Armodon①These are its last days. It is doomed to be remembered only until the hunters hunger again.
Endangered Armodon①These are its last days. Its doom to be remembered only until the hunters hunger again.
Endbringer's Revel①First death. Then Shauku.
Endless Atlas①"While we slept, our inferiors infested the worlds that belong to us. Now, we awaken once more."↵-Szarekh, the Silent King
Endless Atlas①Guarded by cartographers, disdained by warlords, coveted by adventurers.
Endless Cockroaches①There is nothing more repulsive than a cockroach-except a cockroach and all its friends.
Endless Detour①After diverting around the eleventh construction barrier, the taxi driver began to suspect she was being herded into a trap.
Endless One①It embodies all possible meanings of the word "infinite."
Endless Ranks of the Dead①With Thraben's army recalled to its city walls, outlying villages were left to fend for themselves.
Endless Scream①"I have made Crovax weep; now I will make him scream. The pain will not end, but will bind him to me."↵-Volrath
Endless Whispers①Those who find death under the black sun's shadow cannot escape its pull.
Endless Wurm①Ages ago, a party of elves took cover to let one pass. They're still waiting.
Endure①The Aurora had lessened the kithkins' kindness, deepened their paranoia, and dulled their sense of pain.
Enduring Renewal①That which lasts longest serves best.
Enduring Scalelord①Only the sun that beats down upon Arashin's walls could shine more brightly.
Enduring Sliver①Time has ground mountains to sand, but the slivers ever remain.
Enduring Victory①"My dragonlord is immortal. Most dragons are not."↵-Kadri, Dromoka warrior
Enemy of Enlightenment①"Evil flourishes where ignorance thrives."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Enemy of the Guildpact①Guilds often exterminate those who saw or knew too much. Some vindictive souls retain their knowledge, using it in the afterlife to crush the guilded and the vile bargain that gives them power.
Energizer①Like a kettle set to boil, it must eventually go off-on someone.
Energy Arc①"Relent, and you may transcend your situation."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Energy Bolt①Life and death are two faces of the same coin.
Energy Flux①"Nothing endures but change."↵-Heraclitus
Energy Flux①Karn said nothing-he just grasped the powerstone and squeezed tightly. The wild flashing ceased.
Enervate①"Worlds turn in crucial moments of decision. Make your choice."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Enervate①"Worlds turn in crucial moments of decision. Make your choice."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Enfeeblement①"If it is weak, either kill it or ignore it. Anything else honors it."↵-Kaervek
Enfeeblement①Crovax had witnessed Selenia lead the *Predator* to the *Weatherlight*. As the battle raged on deck, he felt his strength melt in the heat of her betrayal.
Enforcer Griffin①"A company of infantry is trapped behind the lines. We need to strike hard and fast to free them, or the casualties will be horrific. Send the griffins."↵-Tajic
Engineered Plague①"The admixture of bitterwort in the viral brew has produced most favorable results."↵-Phyrexian progress notes
Engineered Plague①A single germ can kill more soldiers than ten thousand blades.
Engulf the Shore①"The tides have begun to ignore the moon."↵-Tamiyo's journal
Engulfing Eruption①"Compared to the hunger of the fires within the earth, the appetite of a mere wurm is nothing."↵-Phelgis Ojin, Keral Keep acolyte
Engulfing Slagwurm①Its teeth exist only for decoration.
Enhanced Awareness①"Study the topography of your enemies, and you will have a map to victory."↵-Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest
Enhanced Surveillance①"Who are the agents of the Dimir? No one and everyone."↵-Lazav
Enigma Drake①Many initiates believe it possesses secrets beyond imagining. Many have become meals trying to learn them.
Enigma Drake①Many initiates believe it possesses secrets known only to Kefnet himself. Many have become meals trying to learn them.
Enlarge①For Mittens, it was just another day at the beach.
Enlightened Ascetic①"I do not reject the gods. I reject their authority, their pettiness, and their arrogance."
Enlightened Maniac①"At last! Proof that it's not all in my head!"
Enlightened Tutor①"I do not teach. I simply reveal."↵-Daudi, Femeref tutor
Enlightened Tutor①"Organization is often undervalued but rarely unjustified."↵-Frasio, royal archivist
Enlightened Tutor①The path offered by the academy is long and difficult, but those who brave it arrive at wisdom beyond compare.
Enlisted Wurm①A match for any army-even its own.
Enormous Baloth①Its diet consists of fruits, plants, small woodland animals, large woodland animals, woodlands, fruit groves, fruit farmers, and small cities.
Enormous Energy Blade①"Heavy? Maybe for you."
Enraged Ceratok①"There's no time to calm it down! Run!"
Enraged Giant①When fighting spilled over into Giant's Walk, the aether weapons and swooping airships angered the normally placid creatures.
Enraged Killbot①"click . . . whirrrr . . . beep . . . click!"
Enraged Revolutionary①When every right is voted away, only rage remains.
Enrage①"You wouldn't like me when I'm angry."
Enrage①The barbarians call it "touching the soul of the dragon."
Enshrined Memories①"The race is run in the mind before the first step is taken."↵-Dosan the Falling Leaf
Enshrouding Mist①True faith is letting the blade fall without parry. True cunning is using that moment to strike a deadly blow.
Enslaved Dwarf①Captive dwarves always regain their freedom, either through escape or through a desperate, fiery death.
Enslaved Scout①"Even the basest creatures may serve a purpose. Still, their lives need be only as long as the paths we tread."↵-General Varchild
Enslaved Scout①"Her soldiers' hatred for the Goblins is tempered only by their need for what the Goblins alone hold: knowledge of their mountain home."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Enslave①Phyrexia extended its command until there was nothing left to take.
Ensnare①Rootwater has become as dangerous to its denizens as to its enemies.
Ensnaring Bridge①"I expected a fight, but I didn't expect it from the building itself."↵-Gerrard
Ensnaring Bridge①"When I said I needed a hand, I didn't mean this."↵-Gerrard Capashen
Ensnaring Bridge①"Why build a bridge that needs to be guarded?"↵-Elvish champion
Ensnaring Bridge①"With a few minor adjustments, we were able to convert sky-dock assisters into a defense system for the Aether Spire."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Ensnaring Bridge①Bridges usually get you from one place to another. This one just gets you.
Ensoul Artifact①Too often, some self-described genius comes up with a "labor-saving device" that ends up creating far more work.
Entangler①"Tell me again," said Latulla, raising her fist, "how just one woman held back an entire Keldon platoon."
Entangling Vines①Every living thing has roots in nature. Sometimes nature gets its roots into you.
Enter the Infinite①"Don't just have an idea-have all of them."↵-Niv-Mizzet
Enter the Infinite①There is no knowledge that is not power.
Enthralling Hold①"I offered to pay him to do the job, but he refused. So I took matters into my own hands."↵-Tahim, the Puppetmaster
Enthralling Victor①If you stare at the sun for too long, you'll lose your ability to see clearly.
Enthusiastic Mechanaut①"Greetings, fellow inventors!" the akki shouted, attempting a friendly smile. To her dismay, the greeting was met only with shrieks and alarms being activated.
Enthusiastic Study①"If the pen is mightier than the sword, just think what a giant tome could do!"
Entomb①"I'll return once you've ripened."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Entomb①A grave is the safest place to store ill-gotten treasures.
Entourage of Trest①"The dim resort to violence, for which the nimble prepare."↵-Leovold, emissary of Trest
Entrancing Lyre①Its strings are wayward threads of fate.
Entrancing Melody①The stronger the will, the more bewitching the song.
Entrapment Maneuver①"Greed, rage, and bloodlust all lead to death at the hands of those who keep their heads."↵-Sergeant Eyra
Entrapment Maneuver①"Now!"
Entropic Cloud①What its gaze doesn't wither, its breath surely will.
Envelop①"What you made will be unmade. What you learned will be unlearned. And when you're done, you will be undone."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Environmental Sciences①First-years quickly learn how the Vastlands earned its name.
Eon Hub①Its power source is time itself. It absorbs unused minutes and hours, bringing the end of existence always closer.
Ephara's Radiance①"Civilization is the sum of Ephara's gifts."↵-Olexa of the Twelve
Ephara's Warden①"When you threaten the sanctity of the polis, you insult Ephara herself. If she doesn't smite you, I will."
Ephemeron①From nothing came teeth.
Epic Confrontation①No matter the timeline, some legends will endure.
Epic Downfall①The dragon had a lot of things going through his mind that day. He didn't expect a sword to be one of them.
Epic Proportions①From mite to mighty.
Epic Struggle①"If our foes will not listen to words, perhaps hooves and claws will make them take notice."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Epicenter①Sometimes destruction is Dominaria's way of rebuilding. Sometimes it's not.
Epicure of Blood①"Fleshy, with just a hint of leather. A fine vintage."
Epiphany Storm①In Meletis, certain oracles are trained to be divine lightning rods, receiving countless visions in an instant.
Epiphany at the Drownyard①"Is this what you found, Tamiyo?"↵-Jace Beleren
Epistolary Librarian①"Bolters? Chainswords? All fine weapons, however I wield a far more dangerous power."
Epitaph Golem①Many names and many memories bound together in grim purpose.
Equestrian Skill①From the jagged peaks of Stensia, to the tangled woods of Kessig, to the bogs of Nephalia, the Gavony Riders prepare for all terrain.
Equilibrium①In Rath, there are only so many souls to go around.
Equilibrium①Seek balance in all things-as long as the scales are weighted in your favor.↵-Vodalian saying
Erase (Not the Urza's Legacy One)①Synonyms for "erase" we haven't used: ablate, a̶b̶r̶a̶d̶e̶, chafe, fray, f̶r̶a̶z̶z̶l̶e̶, scuff, and scrub.
Erase①"Don't trust your eyes, for mages are skilled in deception. Trust only in your faith. It will wipe everything clean."↵-Lila, Erunian priest
Erase①"Truth is hard enough to see, let alone understand. We must remove all distractions to find clarity."↵-Zogye, wandering sage
Erase①Perception is more pleasing than truth.
Erdwal Illuminator①"When all else fails, follow the geist's lantern."↵-Vallon, Thraben inspector
Erdwal Ripper①Savage vampires lurk in the Erdwal's network of passageways where prey is plentiful and easy to catch.
Erebos's Intervention①"I bring a death none can escape."
Erg Raiders①Their skills are extensive, and their appetite for battle just as vast.
Erhnam Djinn①He provides a safe path to nowhere.
Erithizon①Unlike scorpions, the erithizon isn't immune to its own weaponry.
Eron the Relentless①"Eron would be much less of a hassle if only he were mortal."↵-Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Eron the Relentless①"Eron would be much less of a hassle if only he were mortal."↵-Reyhan, Samite alchemist
Errand of Duty①"Call every able sword to our side. Kjeldor will stand triumphant!"↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Errand of Duty①"May they speed to their task, for the Skyknights alone cannot hold Kjeldor safe."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skycaptain
Errand of Duty①"May they speed to their task, for the skyknights alone cannot hold Kjeldor safe."↵-Arna Kennerud, skycaptain
Errant Doomsayers①"Heed my words, traveler. Plagues, war, desolation . . . all mere hints of what is yet to come from Dominaria's vault of horrors."
Errant Minion①Abandon not your faith when others abandon you.
Errant, Street Artist①Few know her face, but everyone knows her work.
Errantry①"There is no shame in solitude. The lone Knight may succeed where a hundred founder."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Errantry①"There is no shame in solitude. The lone knight may succeed where a hundred founder."↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Erratic Cyclops①"The League accepts no responsibility for former members and the damage they may cause."↵-Maree, Izzet chamberlain
Erratic Portal①"In Barrin's name!" cried Lyna as Hanna's sword passed through her, "Ertai sends word that the portal is open-but not for long!"
Erratic Visionary①An Izzet experiment begins with a "what if," gets approved with a "why not," and concludes with a "eureka!"
Ersatz Gnomes①From jungle to sea, from sea to stone, from stone to field, from field to bone. What am I?↵-Zhalfirin riddle
Erstwhile Trooper①"The Erstwhile-rotten of body and outmoded in dress, but unfailing in loyalty."↵-Vraska
Ertai's Scorn①"You're not so special, Karn. Anything that has been assembled can be disassembled."
Ertai's Trickery①"Don't worry, Gerrard," said Ertai. "I'm sure the crew will come to your rescue as quickly as they came to mine."
Ertai, Wizard Adept①"Was that *it*?"↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Ertai, the Corrupted①Altered by Phyrexian science, corrupted by black mana, and twisted by rage, Ertai still looked in the mirror and saw only glory.
Ertai①After serving his apprenticeship under Barrin of Tolaria, Ertai graced the *Weatherlight* crew with his presence as the ship's "resident" wizard. He realizes that few recognize his greatness-but then how could they, when they lack his insight and wisdom?
Erupting Dreadwolf①". . . heck, I'd settle for anything that even resembled a werewolf."↵-Raf Gyel of the Quiver of Kessig
Eruth, Tormented Prophet①"The blood is the life! The blood is the life!"
Eruth, Tormented Prophet①She is cursed with visions of monsters and suffering . . . and all her visions come true.
Escape Artist①"Not even my shadow knows where I am."
Escape Protocol①Sanctuaries harnessed the glowstones' natural reaction to monsters to create a warning system.
Escape Routes①"I'll get you to safety-or whatever passes for safety these days."↵-Urborg ferry pilot
Escape Velocity①"Not even death can catch me now!"
Escape to the Wilds①The guards kindled the hearth and locked the door to Ellwen's chamber. By morning, the fire was out and Ellwen was gone.
Escaped Null①Left masterless by Kozilek, it wandered the wilds, raving in its ceaseless hunger.
Esika, God of the Tree①"I know this world, from canopy to roots."
Esper Battlemage①She can heal the flesh, or exploit its many weaknesses.
Esper Charm①"Thoughts are commodities. Someone will pay a good price for them. Even ones as simplistic as yours . . ."↵-Ennor, mentalist
Esper Cormorants①"The smiths of this land must be mad to reach so far and so high for another creature to decorate."↵-Cagen Vargan, Jhessian sea scout
Esper Panorama①Esper is an expansive canvas painted by precise, controlling hands.
Esper Sentinel①Action: Using the reference as inspiration, we'd like you to design a soldier who is a similar mix of flesh and etherium (a magical metal found only on Esper).
Esper Sentinel①The more Esper changes, the more he refuses to.
Esper Sojourners①The wilder the frontier, the greater the need for a controlling hand.
Esper Stormblade①Stormcallers came to appreciate the novelty of Jund's volcanic updrafts.
Esperzoa①The more metal it digests, the more its jelly will fetch on the alchemists' market.
Essence Backlash①"The other guilds will learn the hard way not to interfere with our investigations."↵-Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Essence Capture①"It's not enough to defeat our foes. We must learn from them, too."↵-Vannifar
Essence Capture①The Futurists regard the tradition of kami-bonding as anachronistic and inefficient, striving constantly to surpass spiritual power with technology.
Essence Depleter①When Kozilek emerged at Sea Gate, his brood lineage swarmed to the surface.
Essence Drain①"Life's essence is a nectar unlike any I tasted when I lived as a mortal."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Essence Drain①"The elves are right: Death inevitably leads to life. But the truly powerful don't just experience this cycle. They control it."↵-Crovax, ascendant evincar
Essence Drain①Mephidross claims all life within it. What cannot be twisted is absorbed.
Essence Extraction①The "gifted" among the aetherborn can draw the life essence of other living beings into themselves.
Essence Feed①Eldrazi grow wherever something else dies.
Essence Filter①"Freyalise has cleansed our bodies and minds of the plagues of Kjeldor; all she asks in return is that we keep pure our newly given home in Fyndhorn."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Essence Filter①"Freyalise has cleansed our bodies and minds of the plagues of Kjeldor; all she asks in return is that we keep pure our newly given home in Fyndhorn."↵-Kolbjorn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Essence Flare①Never underestimate the power of the soul unleashed.
Essence Flux①A spirit is both fettered and free-bound in some ways to its previous existence, yet able to transcend much of the corporeal.
Essence Fracture①"Shaping reality is simply a matter of knowing where to apply pressure."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Essence Harvest①Captain Lewenheart uncovered evidence of a demon cult among the clergy. The Skirsdag never gave him a chance to prove his case.
Essence Infusion①"I'd say it's still a fair fight-now my friend is about the size of your ego."
Essence Leak①"We define the boundaries of reality; they don't define us."↵-Teferi
Essence Pulse①"There is nothing so invigorating and stubbornly belligerent as the pure energy of life."↵-Valentin, Witherbloom dean
Essence Scatter①"I know the nightmares of Indatha seem scary, but when you break them down into their component parts, they're quite beautiful."↵-Naireh, Ketria elementalist
Essence Scatter①"Phyrexians pollute everything they touch, so the solution is simple: don't let them touch anything."↵-Teferi
Essence Scatter①"What you attempt to pull from the aether, I can spread onto the wind."↵-Jace Beleren
Essence Scatter①"What you attempt to pull from the Æther, I can spread onto the wind."↵-Jace Beleren
Essence Scatter①Dependence on luck is anathema to Kefnet's rigorous studies. Those who hope to escape his maze by chance never succeed.
Essence Scatter①Some wizards compete not to summon the most interesting creatures, but to create the most interesting aftereffects when a summons goes awry.
Essence Sliver①The slivers would survive, even at the expense of every other creature on Otaria.
Essence Symbiote①The Ozolith's appearance spawned a new era of wild mutation on Ikoria. Some creatures hunted different prey, lived in new habitats, and thrived on mutation itself.
Essence Vortex①Masters who sacrifice for servants will receive the gift of loyalty.
Essence Warden①"The more our numbers grow, the more I gain hope that Volrath and his cursed stronghold will one day fall."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Essence of the Wild①Wander too far into the wild and it may take you for its own.
Estrid's Invocation①Enchanters add layer upon layer of complexity to the world around them.
Estwald Shieldbasher①The door to her home survived the fires of the Malignus. Now it's her greatest weapon.
Etali, Primal Storm①The storm rages and the earth breaks.
Etched Champion①Its predecessors were etched with the wisdom of ancients; its own etchings bear warnings of a future fraught with war.
Etched Monstrosity①Now etched only with the scars of phyresis.
Etching of Kumano①Many kami came to demand a secret he did not know, and every one of them fell.
Eternal Isolation①"Well, at least it's a lovely view."
Eternal Scourge①"It has latched onto this place like an infestation. All efforts at eradication have proved futile."↵-Yeter, Trostad villager
Eternal Taskmaster①"They are called Eternals. They will never stop."↵-Jace Beleren
Eternal Warrior①Warriors of the Tsunami-nito School spend years in training to master the way of effortless effort.
Eternal Witness①"I have watched over this land since the first seedling emerged from the primeval soil."
Eternal Witness①Gaea needs no book to record every act.
Eternal Witness①Our lives are etched on our bodies, memories illustrated on skin.
Eternal Witness①She remembers all those who would otherwise be forgotten.
Eternal Witness①She remembers every word spoken, from the hero's oath to the baby's cry.
Eternal of Harsh Truths①"If creating the Eternals was Bolas's plan here, what is his plan for the Eternals?"↵-Jace Beleren
Ether Well①"Whoa-my tail will *never* fit through that hole!"
Ethercaste Knight①"We coat ourselves in steel every day. What is etherium but the next logical step?"
Ethereal Absolution①"Time to let the dead be dead."↵-Kaya, to Teysa
Ethereal Ambush①The energies of the Temur lands are readily unleashed upon intruders.
Ethereal Armor①Metal is scarce, smiths are pricey, and plate mail is heavy.
Ethereal Champion①"If I have learned anything as a wizard it is this: never fight your own battles."↵-Waffa, sorcerer of Nyomba
Ethereal Guidance①"The call of the Blessed Sleep is not so strong as the call to protect those in need."↵-Saint Traft
Ethereal Haze①"Imagine a dove flying through smoke. Does the dove injure the smoke? Does the smoke impede the dove?"↵-Teachings of Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Ethereal Whiskergill①Fallowsages debate whether the whiskergill is native to the Dark Meanders or merely dreamstuff made real.
Etherium Abomination①It was given life by the etherium of a hundred slain Esperites.
Etherium Astrolabe①"Speculation is foolish when the tools of certainty are available."↵-Cinna, vedalken consul
Etherium Sculptor①Don't worry, they want you to smash them.
Etherium Sculptor①The greatest masters of the craft abandon tools altogether, shaping metal with hand and mind alone.
Etherium Spinner①"Thopters from a foundry always lack that personal touch."
Ethersworn Adjudicator①Esper mages devised their weapons to be so devastating that war seemed unnecessary.
Ethersworn Canonist①"The noble work of our order is to infuse all life on Esper with etherium. Our goal will be reached more rapidly if new life is . . . suppressed."
Ethersworn Canonist①"The noble work of our order is to infuse all life on Esper with etherium. Our goal will be reached more rapidly if new life is … suppressed."
Ethersworn Shieldmage①"See, children of metal? Already your bodies are rejecting harm. Continue on our path, and perfection will be yours."
Ethersworn Sphinx①Intent: Most Esper sphinxes have minimal filigree enhancement, but this sphinx has been extensively enhanced.
Etherwrought Page①An unbound page is a riddle, free of cover and of context, a favorite token of the hegemon.
Ettercap①"Filthy, sticky, vile, noxious-and I haven't even started describing the webs."↵-Erinis, gloom stalker
Eunuchs' Intrigues①Taking control of powerful court positions one by one, eunuchs eventually brought on the fall of the Han dynasty, leading to the chaos of the Three Kingdoms.
Eureka Moment①"At first, the equations were simply numbers. But in those numbers, I saw a story, and in that story I saw a pattern, and suddenly it all fit together!"
Eutropia the Twice-Favored①Nylea speaks to her in the windblown leaves; Thassa in the rushing tides.
Evacuation①"How many people can you save in that thing?"↵"All of them," replied the mage with a smile.
Evacuation①"Once I supply the breeze, you'll see your warriors for the smoke they truly are."↵-Alexi, zephyr mage
Evacuation①The first step of every exodus is from the blood and the fire onto the trail.
Evacuation①Which is more unsettling: the roar of battle or the silence that follows?
Evanescent Intellect①The mind is a vessel that may be emptied like any other.
Evaporate①"The body is a temple with a foundation of sand."↵-Autumn Willow
Evasive Action①Effective use of terrain is a lesson good commanders learn quickly.
Even the Odds①"They who fall singing the battle hymn of Benalia go not unavenged."↵-Adom Capashen, Benalish commander
Even the Score①Those who try to rob the Obscura often leave behind more than they take away.
Ever-Watching Threshold①"You think they know we're here?"↵-Orlo, goblin raider
Everbark Shaman①"May you rise again, from seed to sapling to sentience."
Everdawn Champion①"Undefeated in battle, she is the shining future our empire deserves."↵-Huatli
Everlasting Torment①When night fell, the plane itself was scarred.
Every Dream a Nightmare①"Let me unburden you of these fatuous hopes."
Every Hope Shall Vanish①"Oh, I think I *will* get away with this."
Every Last Vestige Shall Rot①"May bloodberries grow from your remains."
Evil Comes to Fruition①"The plants justify the means."
Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore①"The highway of fear is the shortest route to defeat."
Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore①The highway of fear is the shortest route to defeat.
Evil Eye of Urborg①"Edahlis, what *is* that thing? We should have stayed in Yavimaya . . . ."↵-Aznaph, greenseeker
Evil Presence①"The Accorders would lament the transformation of their cherished lands, had they lived to see it."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Evil Presents①'Tis better to give than to receive.
Evil Twin①You can always tell the evil one by the dagger he's sticking in you.
Eviscerate①"Fear the dark if you must, but don't mistake sunlight for safety."↵-Josu Vess
Eviscerator①It roamed the time bubble like a captured animal. Kerrick knew he must soon find a way to unleash it on Tolaria or destroy it.
Evolution Sage①"To care for yourself, cultivate the world. To care for the world, cultivate yourself."
Evolution Vat①The vats are self-contained worlds, bubbling and churning with unnatural speed, boiling down eons of change into moments.
Evolutionary Escalation①Survival is a constant competition from which both sides can benefit.
Evolutionary Leap①The essence of nature is change.
Evolving Door①In with the old, out with the new.
Evolving Wilds①"Don't you ever wonder what lies beyond the Hekma? Beyond the reach of the gods? Beyond the horns on the horizon?"↵-Samut, initiate of Tah crop
Evolving Wilds①"It's not hard to grasp that this land does not belong to us."↵-Gavi, nest warden
Evolving Wilds①"Our world is vast, but Thraben is its heart. The cathedral must stand even if the hinterlands are lost."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Evolving Wilds①"Spend too much time scanning the shadows for evil and you'll never see the beauty our world has to offer."↵-Katilda, Dawnhart Prime
Evolving Wilds①"Stensia blazes with new heat. Nephalia's tides are chaotic. And everywhere, this unnatural frost. The land is sending a warning."↵-Katilda, Dawnhart Prime
Evolving Wilds①"We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents."↵-Bob Ross
Evolving Wilds①"What are ramparts, what are steeples, what are our machines worth in the teeth of this ceaseless hunger?"↵-Magos Varnak
Evolving Wilds①Every world is an organism, able to grow new lands. Some just do it faster than others.
Evolving Wilds①Parts of Faerun still churn with the magic of arrogant Netherese archmages long dead.
Evolving Wilds①The Eldrazi may be ruthless, but Zendikar is relentless.
Evolving Wilds①The Sun Empire bends nature-rivers, mountainsides, dinosaurs-to its unyielding will.
Evolving Wilds①The land is ever resilient. Should it die, it will be reborn.
Evolving Wilds①There is an immense diversity of life in the Underdark, almost all of which can kill you.
Evolving Wilds①Without the interfering hands of civilization, nature will always shape itself to its own needs.
Evra, Halcyon Witness①"Light from the Null Moon took form-a mirage made real, alone in grandeur, isolated in a world that once had been its own."↵-*Fall of the Thran*
Exalted Angel①"She is a theme of honor and renown, . . . Whose present courage may beat down our foes."↵-William Shakespeare, *Troilus and Cressida*
Exalted Angel①"She is a theme of honor and renown, ...Whose present courage may beat down our foes."↵-William Shakespeare, *Troilus and Cressida*
Exalted Dragon①If dragons excel at anything more than vanity, it is greed.
Excavated Wall①"Don't be fooled by the quiet. These old stones are trying to talk to you."↵-Augusta, Lorehold dean
Excavating Anurid①Turg's spawn ruled long after he croaked.
Excavation Mole①It makes molehills out of mountains.
Excavation Technique①"Stand back. This part gets messy."
Excavation①"There are secrets out there begging to be rediscovered. We just need to look in the right places."↵-Teferi, planeswalker
Exchange of Words①Before criticizing, walk a mile *(about 1.6 kilometers)* in their head. That way, when you do, you're a mile away and you have their head.
Excise①"Creation is no great feat. Anything you make, I can unmake in a heartbeat."↵-Alexi, zephyr mage
Exclude①"I don't have time for you right now."↵-Teferi
Exclude①"Terrifying, but thankfully temporary."↵-Teferi
Exclusion Mage①Successful battles start with knowing who's worth fighting.
Exclusion Ritual①"Your desires have become our discretion."↵-Izathel, priest of the Annex
Excommunicate①"Our law prohibits capital punishment. We believe even the gravest offenders have the chance to redeem themselves."↵-Torian Sha, soul warden
Excommunicate①Rebels and other malcontents forced into the ritual awake lost in Topa's vast savannahs. Those who find their way back return humble and repentant.
Excoriate①The demon had flown past the reach of Erebos's whip but not the point of the sun god's spear.
Excruciator①"Though used as a piercing weapon, the tusk is more akin to a stinger, spreading pain instantly throughout the body of its victim. This specimen deserves further study."↵-Simic research notes
Execute①"Any fool who would die for honor is better off dead."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Executioner's Capsule①There is always a moment of trepidation before opening a message capsule, for fear of the judgment that might be contained within.
Executioner's Swing①"The contract specified an appendage for a missed payment. Read the fine print: the head is an appendage."
Exemplar of Strength①"No one is born worthy."
Exert Influence①"I can't control its mind-I'm not even sure it has one. But I can dominate its will."
Exhaustion①Starving and worn, Cao Cao escaped from the battle of Red Cliffs with only 27 of his original 800,000 men.
Exhaustion①The mage felt as though he'd been in the stasis suit for days. Upon his return, he found it was months.
Exhaustion①Tired doesn't even begin to cover it.
Exhilarating Elocution①His words poured forth on waves of golden light, scouring all fear from his audience's hearts and minds.
Exhume①"Death-an outmoded concept. We sleep, and we change."↵-Sitrik, birth priest
Exiled Boggart①Among the boggarts, there is only one real rule: all new treasures and experiences must be shared. Those who hoard their gifts commit the one truly unforgivable sin.
Exiled Doomsayer①He's desperate to hold back the future because he has seen it.
Exorcist①Though they often bore little greater charm than the demons they battled, exorcists were always welcome in Scarwood.
Exoskeletal Armor①"We use only what we need-but in times of strife, our need becomes great."↵-Centaur warrior
Exotic Curse①Fouler than a necromancer's kiss.↵-Jamuraan expression
Exotic Disease①"Do not fear death. I shall release you from the eternal bonds and bring you glory."↵-Lord Dralnu
Exotic Orchard①"It was a strange morning. When we awoke, we found our trees transformed. We didn't know whether to water them or polish them."↵-Pulan, Bant orchardist
Exotic Orchard①In the late stages of a Tyranid invasion, sessile organisms take root in a planet's crust, converting its resources into biomass that can be extracted by the Hive Fleet.
Exotic Pets①Investigators observed that Altonio's beloved fish were thriving after his disappearance.
Expanded Anatomy①"Changing the equation from incremental to exponential was a stroke of genius on my part."
Expedite①"I run, and thunder follows."
Expedition Champion①Warriors are combat specialists who bring their deadly skills to bear against the many foes that adventurers face in the course of their journeys.
Expedition Diviner①Wizards' spells twist the fabric of reality to channel elemental energies, peer into the future, and even calm the Roil.
Expedition Envoy①The unofficial motto of every expedition house is "ready for anything," a phrase whose significance has been amplified since the emergence of the Eldrazi.
Expedition Healer①In any adventuring party, the cleric is the heart: healing wounds, inspiring courage, and raising morale.
Expedition Map①"I use maps to find out where explorers have already been. Then I go the other way."↵-Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Expedition Map①"Let's see. I've been here, here, here, here, and here. Where next?"↵-Olenn, tireless traveler
Expedition Skulker①Rogues bring an array of useful skills to the work of an adventuring party: stealth, agility, the ability to locate and disarm traps, and a subtle, deadly fighting style.
Expel①Quintorius was a daydreamer, far happier digging through history books than practicing battle tactics. He agreed with the military academy on only one thing: he did not belong in their ranks.
Expendable Lackey①"Altonio? No, I'm sorry. No one by that name works here."↵-Raffine
Expendable Troops①No doubt in their minds, no fear in their hearts.
Experiment Kraj①"Of course it will grow beyond control-it was designed to choose its own evolution."↵-Momir Vig
Experimental Aviator①"The little thopters seemed lonely up here, so I thought I'd join them."
Experimental Frenzy①Turns out coffee is the weird aunt of invention.
Experimental Overload①Explosions aren't necessarily failures, just a different kind of success.
Exploding Borders①Reuniting a world is not a gentle process.
Exploration①"Only when we journey into the unknown can we find the impossible."↵-Cyrul the Wanderer
Exploration①The first explorers found Argoth a storehouse of natural wealth-towering forests grown over rich veins of ore.
Exploration①With every step she took, a new world unfolded before her.
Explore the Underdark①"Careful near those pretty glowing plants. What do you think they feed on?"↵-Talin, Underdark guide
Explore①"I will never run out of new oceans to explore or new sea-dwellers to embrace as my own."↵-Kiora
Explore①An explorer's reward is a view of tomorrow's possibilities.
Explore①An explorer's reward is a view of tomorrow's possible meals.
Explore①The Tyranids advanced inexorably across the galaxy in their living Hive Ships, with one singular goal: to consume all.
Explosion of Riches①"You've got how much gold there?"
Explosive Apparatus①"Souls are volatile things. When compressed and loaded into a handheld device, their destructive potential is quite impressive."↵-Dierk, geistmage
Explosive Crystal①"At least it's a beautiful way to die."↵-Erinis, gloom stalker
Explosive Entry①Kaito and Tamiyo charged headlong into Jin-Gitaxias's secret lab, unaware that the praetor was eagerly awaiting their arrival.
Explosive Impact①"Such boorish noise is what passes for subtlety among the Boros."↵-Vraska
Explosive Vegetation①Despite the flames and devastation of the dragons, Tarkir continued to thrive.
Explosive Vegetation①Torching Krosa would be pointless. It grows faster than it burns.
Explosive Welcome①Rowan and Will were a natural fit in Prismari College, the school of outrageous elemental arts.
Exponential Growth①Most Quandrix students fundamentally disagree with the concept of "enough."
Expose Evil①"Only the pure stand tall in the light."↵-Sigarda
Expose to Daylight①"Lies cannot long withstand the harsh light of day."↵-Lavinia
Expressive Iteration①Prismari students dance in the tension between passion and perfection.
Expropriate①Few things are more valuable than time or money-and Leovold has plenty of both.
Exquisite Archangel①A living invention born of a grand design.
Exquisite Blood①"Blood is too precious a thing in these days of dishonourable peace."
Exquisite Blood①Even as humans regained the upper hand, some still willingly traded their lives for a chance at immortality.
Exquisite Firecraft①Chandra's gift set her apart and others aflame.
Exsanguinate①Vampires don't consider patience a virtue nor gluttony a sin.
Exterminatus①"Some may question your right to destroy ten billion people. Those who understand know that you have no right to let them live."↵-Exterminatus Extremis
Extinction Event①"Nature is more merciless than any hunter I've ever known."↵-Zai, nightsquad captain
Extinction①"I once had an entire race killed just to listen to the rattling of their dried bones as I waded through them."↵-Volrath
Extinguish All Hope①Phenax offers the hope of life, while Pharika grants the solace of death. Between them stands Erebos, who promises nothing but eternity.
Extinguish the Light①Jaya did not want to die, but of all the things to die for, Dominaria felt right.
Extortion①The enforcers make no effort to distinguish gold from flesh.
Extra Arms①"Perhaps extra heads would have served them better."↵-Foothill guide
Extract Brain①No thought is as succulent as a secret.
Extract from Darkness①If you want to wreak havoc above, sometimes it's best to look below.
Extract①To say Nixar had a splitting headache would be a bit of an understatement.
Extravagant Replication①"Just one aether tiger? What do I look like, a peasant?"
Extravagant Spirit①The fewer your possessions, the fewer your worries.
Extremely Slow Zombie①. . . aaaaaaiiii . . .
Extremely Slow Zombie①. . . iiiiiiinnnn . . .
Extremely Slow Zombie①. . . nnnnnssssss!
Extremely Slow Zombie①Brrrrrrrrrrrr . . .
Extricator of Flesh①After the end, a new beginning.
Extruder①As the invasion drew closer, Urza's means began to resemble Phyrexia's end.
Extus, Oriq Overlord①"Join me for the dawn of a new age."
Exuberant Firestoker①The artistry of Etlan's firedancers is more spectacular when behemoths join in.
Exuberant Wolfbear①Sometimes the *eludha* is a sacred harmony of souls. Sometimes the bonder grabs some fur and holds on tight.
Exultant Cultist①Amid the gibbering chorus that rose from the drownyard temple, Jace recognized a single word: "Emrakul."
Exultant Skymarcher①"We have come at last to this holiest of holy places. What was stolen from us long ago is ours once again."
Eye Collector①"Lord Rankle will see you now-all he asks is a small token of tribute."
Eye Gouge①One chance. One throw. One perfect hit.
Eye of Nowhere①"Once we prayed to the kaijin for safe voyage. Now we only pray that we can escape their gaze."↵-Hayato, master sailor
Eye of Ramos①Ramos wept, and there were seas.
Eye of Ugin①An eye closes. A race awakens.
Eye of Vecna①"I see all things as they truly are! I see . . . decay in all flesh, and betrayal in every heart."
Eye to Eye①True, Gargox had blinded himself for life, but the glass eyes never lost.
Eyeblight Assassin①"Boggart blood disgusts me almost as much as the foul creatures themselves."
Eyeblight Cullers①"As long as eyeblights exist, the hunt will never end."↵-Miara, Thorn of the Glade
Eyeblight Massacre①"I've already seen so much evil, so much darkness. Why do you insist on adding more?"↵-Nissa Revane, to Dwynen
Eyeblight's Ending①"Those without beauty are Lorwyn's greatest tumor. The winnowers have an unpleasant duty, but a necessary one."↵-Eidren, perfect of Lys Alana
Eyekite①"This one will need direction. After all, each of its eyes is larger than its brain."↵-Cyla, Lord of the Aerie
Eyeless Watcher①Every Eldrazi in Ulamog's lineage is an extension of the titan's will.
Eyes Everywhere①"They've got eyes inside my head!"
Eyes in the Skies①"What root and branch cannot reach, our winged friends will attend to."↵-Zunak, Selesnya strategist
Eyes of the Beholder①In the end, there was nothing beautiful to be seen.
Eyes of the Wisent①Calm as a wisent's watch↵-Elvish expression meaning "safe"
Eyetwitch①Oculomancers see the ideal potion ingredient. The bats don't see it that way.
Ezuri's Archers①Eyes and arrows trained ever skyward.
Ezuri's Brigade①Riding ravenous, ever-growing vorracs is almost as dangerous as fitting them with saddles.
Ezuri's Predation①"Those who do not submit will be consumed."
Ezuri's Predation①Those who do not submit will be consumed."
Ezuri, Renegade Leader①Great hero or grand betrayer? The truth of Ezuri's legacy is clouded by the fog of legend.
Ezuri, Renegade Leader①The infamous Ezuri commands the highest bounty the vedalken have ever placed upon an outlaw.
Fa'adiyah Seer①"My visions don't show me home. They show me where home is yet to be found."
Fable of Wolf and Owl①The forest grew fangs. The sky spread its wings.
Fabled Hero①"You. Poet. Be sure to write this down."
Fabled Passage①From here, the path to anywhere may be found.
Fabled Path of Searo Point①"Who built such a wonder?"↵"It took many hands."
Fabricate①"I'll have just the right tool for the job!"
Fabricate①"I'm one masterpiece away from ruling this pathetic world."↵-Saldrath, master artificer
Fabricate①"The secret to invention is to see something in your mind, then find where it hides in the world."
Fabrication Module①Inspiration leads to design.
Face of Divinity①Pure souls shine bright as daybreak.
Face of Fear①"It's only frightened five people to death. Not my best work."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Face to Face①Befuddled by this new game, Argg longed for the days of Rock, Rock, Rock.
Faceless Haven①It is everywhere and nowhere, a place unbound by logic, just beyond the real.
Faces of the Past①The ties that bind can also strangle.
Facet Reader①"Every flaw in the crystal represents a moment where our strategy might go wrong."
Facevaulter①Boggarts get so excited when they find something new to smash that they really don't notice who gets underfoot.
Fact or Fiction①"Every choice is a joy."
Fact or Fiction①"Try to pretend like you understand what's important."
Fact or Fiction①Two futures unfurled before the mage, each rife with its own promise.
Fade Away①"Consider the fable of the greedy herder. As her flock grew, so did her weariness; she slept, and the sheep wandered off."↵-Karn, silver golem
Fade from Memory①Proper burial is a luxury Otarians can no longer afford.
Fade into Antiquity①"Are the gods angry at our discontent with what they give us, or jealous that we made a thing they cannot?"↵-Kleon the Iron-Booted
Fade into Antiquity①"Memories fade and wither with time. If we do not nurture the garden of history, we may once more wander blindly through barren lands."↵-Reki, founder of the Living Historians
Fading Hope①"At least I won't become one of . . . those things."
Fae Offering①"Beware the gift when you do not know the giver."↵-Chulane, Teller of Tales
Faeburrow Elder①Its wide-reaching roots draw more than water.
Faerie Duelist①Faeries are easily offended and quick to exact a quirky revenge.
Faerie Formation①The throng flitted from castle to castle, leaving a trail of star-crossed love, damaging rumors, and missing heirlooms in their wake.
Faerie Guidemother①No one is so lost that a faerie can't find them.
Faerie Impostor①Many Tin Street shops display a sign on the door: "No cloaks allowed."
Faerie Invaders①Small enough to penetrate the narrowest crack in a castle wall and numerous enough to hack apart a griffin.
Faerie Macabre①The line between dream and death is gauzy and fragile. She leads those too near it from one side to the other.
Faerie Miscreant①One faerie distracts the judge while a second steals the law.
Faerie Noble①"Faeries talk all in riddles and tricky bits, 'cept the Nobles. Now, *there's* some straight talkers."↵-Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Faerie Noble①"Faeries talk all in riddles and tricky bits, 'cept the Nobles. Now, there's some straight talkers."↵-Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Faerie Seer①"The patterns of crossing ripples reveal the future to those who know how to read them."
Faerie Swarm①Untouched by the Aurora, Oona's faeries greeted the night like any other day.
Faerie Tauntings①Beneath the fae's constant pranks runs a subtler undercurrent of mockery: the influence of Oona, their hidden queen.
Faerie Trickery①The fae are so quick and their life spans so short that it's difficult to get retribution for their pranks.
Faerie Vandal①"Greedy vault guard, wouldn't share. Now there's Halo in your hair!"
Faerie Vandal①History may be written by the triumphant, but it's often rewritten by the troublesome.
Failed Inspection①The most dangerous thing an artificer can do is believe an invention is perfect.
Fairgrounds Patrol①"No signs of any suspicious activity. Yet."
Fairgrounds Trumpeter①The louder the elephant trumpeted, the more the crowd cheered. And the more the crowd cheered . . .
Fairgrounds Warden①"You're coming with me."
Faith Healer①The power of faith is quiet. It is the leaf unmoved by the hurricane.
Faith of the Devoted①"The more I see of this place, the less I want to."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Faith's Reward①"I thought the wind was ushering me to my final destination, but it lifted me to my feet and I fought on."↵-Idrus, war priest of Thune
Faithbearer Paladin①"I've seen cathars riding to battle without a hint of fear. Perhaps that is its own sort of madness."↵-Esler, Havengul mercenary
Faithful Mending①"What has been looted can be restored. The church lives on within us."
Faithless Looting①"Avacyn has abandoned us! We have nothing left except what we can take!"
Faithless Looting①"How did you get your hands on that? Wait, never mind. I don't want to know."↵-Plargg, Lorehold dean
Faithless Salvaging①All that's left are broken beliefs.
Faithless Salvaging①Mood: A bit regretful but still looking for loot.
Falcon Abomination①The foulest of fowl.
Falconer Adept①"My falcons are family, as much as any other member of my clan."
Faldorn, Dread Wolf Herald①"Cities are a blight on the beauty of nature."
Falkenrath Aristocrat①"Your blood is quite pleasing. A pity there's not enough for both of us."
Falkenrath Marauders①No slinking in the dark for them, no luring whispers. They claim their prey in the speed and glory of the hunt.
Falkenrath Noble①"I often think on how excited they must feel to be chosen as my prey."
Falkenrath Perforator①"Lady Anje sends her regards. I'll carve the rest of her message into your skin."
Falkenrath Pit Fighter①In the arena, vampires set aside all pretense of honor or civilization and fight like the predators they know themselves to be.
Falkenrath Reaver①"Each day there are new reports of homes along Getander Pass and Hofsaddel falling to vampires of a more savage nature. I've even heard tell that Anje Falkenrath has returned. Please send whatever help you can."↵-Sterin Gorn, letter to Thalia
Falkenrath Torturer①"There was a time when our cages rang with wailing. Now only a handful of these whimpering fools remain."
Fall of the Gavel①"My ruling is final. Order is upheld. Justice is done."
Fall of the Hammer①It is unwise to insult the god of the forge. It is also unwise to stand near anyone else who has insulted him.
Fall of the Titans①As Gideon kept the brood lineages at bay, Chandra incinerated the bound Eldrazi titans.
Fallen Angel①"Angels are simply extensions of truth upon the fabric of life-and there is far more dark than light."↵-Baron Sengir
Fallen Angel①"Why do you weep for the dead? I rejoice, for they have died for me."
Fallen Angel①"Why do you weep for the dead? I rejoice, for they have died for me."↵-Fallen angel, to Serra
Fallen Askari①In troubled times, there are few greater sorrows than a wayward savior.
Fallen Cleric①The most terrifying zombies are those with just a hint of their old selves left.
Fallow Earth①". . . and when the farmer awoke the next morning, all the seeds from his field were once again in their sacks."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Fallow Wurm①The wurm's wake↵-Elvish expression meaning "ruined crops"
Fallowsage①Memories of ages past are said to swim the minds of lounging fallowsages.
False Cure①"I do unto others as others have done unto me."↵-Phage the Untouchable
False Defeat①"All warfare is based on deception."↵-Sun Tzu, *Art of War* (trans. Giles)
False Defeat①"All warfare is based on deception."↵-Sun Tzu, Art of War (trans. Giles)
False Demise①"Far too many of our missing 'dead' seem to be turning up in Varchild's ranks!"↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
False Demise①"Fool! Never believe they're dead until you see the body!"↵-General Varchild
False Demise①"Go down there and fish him out. Maybe his hide will fetch a price."
False Floor①"That performance was truly the pits."↵-Jetmir
False Memories①"My enemies will forget everything but their anguish."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
False Mourning①Zhou Yu, Sun Ce, and other famous generals feigned their deaths in order to later surprise their opponents.
False Peace①Mutual consent is not required for war.
False Prophet①"You lived for Serra's love. Will you not die for it?"
Falter①Like a sleeping dragon, Shiv stirs and groans at times.
Falthis, Shadowcat Familiar①She sticks to her chosen master closer than their own shadow.
Familiar Ground①"I'd rather fight on foreign soil. That way, if I lose I can blame it on the terrain."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Familiar Ground①More than any other battlefield, the forest gives the advantage to those who know it best.
Familiar's Ruse①Because of their capricious nature, faeries can serve as living lenses for disruptive magic.
Famine①"Better to starve to death than be bored to death."↵-Liliana Vess
Famine①"But it was a year of dearth. People were reduced to eating leaves of jujube trees. Corpses were seen everywhere in the countryside."
Famished Foragers①Furious to find the workshop empty, the starving vampires flew into a frenzy.
Famished Ghoul①Memories have distinct tastes. Its favorites are the sickly sweetness of lost love and the bitter smokiness of cruel murder.
Famished Paladin①Loyal to his queen, slave to his thirst.
Fan Bearer①Rest sometimes requires the right prompting.
Fan Favorite①"Pathetic! I've heard more noise in a monastery. Let me hear you, Valor's Reach!"
Fanatical Devotion①The Oracle told Eladamri he would save his people by abandoning them. His followers adopted that ideal.
Fanatical Fever①"Let go your fury, and hone your anger. Become the fist of Freyalise!"↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Fanatical Firebrand①"The Brazen Coalition is a firecannon pointed at our enemies. Goblins like him are the spark to its powder."↵-Admiral Beckett Brass
Fang Dragon①"Watch out for its teeth, tail, claws, wings, back, and front."↵-Olga, cavalier
Fang Skulkin①"Everything falls apart. But living things fall apart in the most fascinating ways."↵-Mowagh the Gwyllion
Fang of Shigeki①"Let me give you a taste of the poison you've poured into our land."↵-Shigeki, founder of the Order of Jukai
Fangblade Brigand①As long as the sun is up, you'll only lose your purse.
Fangren Firstborn①In the Tangle, bad is often followed by worse.
Fangren Hunter①Big ones hunt the elves, so the elves hunt the small ones to keep them from getting big.
Fangren Marauder①"The fangren fight without comfort of any kind. We can ask no less of ourselves."↵-Tilien, Sylvok partisan
Fangren Pathcutter①"Tracking a fangren pack is easy. Catching up to one is fatal."↵-Viridian scout
Far Out①Memories that will technically last the rest of your life.
Far Traveler①You have traveled to many places, over mountains and across seas, but a new journey always calls.
Farbog Boneflinger①"Here are some bones for you to choke on, dear brother!"↵-Gisa, to Geralf
Farbog Explorer①"I'd slog through a thousand swamps to help one soul find rest."
Farbog Revenant①Spiteful geists rise from the muck of the Farbogs, eager to lure travelers to their doom.
Farfinder①"Take us home," she whispered, and the fox's eyes began to glow.
Farhaven Elf①"Verdant bloom does exist. It merely hides for its own safety."
Farideh, Devil's Chosen①"A pact is a tool, not a damnation."
Farmstead Gleaner①When it finishes the harvest, you'll have nowhere to hide.
Farrel's Zealot①After the fall of Trokair, Farrel and his followers formally broke their ties with the rest of Icatia.
Farrel's Zealot①Farrel and his followers became a formidable band of vigilantes, battling Icatians and followers of Tourach.
Farrel's Zealot①Farrel, a former priest, believed Icatia was far too complacent toward the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Farrelite Priest①Although their methods were often brutal, Farrel's followers believed in the preservation of justice and virtue.
Farseek①"How truly vast this city must be, that I have traveled so far and seen so much, yet never once found the place where the buildings fail."
Farseek①"Once we have claimed this planet, we will claim the stars."
Farsight Adept①"I've walked every one of the Teetering Peaks and never set a foot wrong. I can get you to safety."
Farsight Mask①It turns the adversity of the moment into the knowledge of a lifetime.
Fascist Art Director①Dear Mr. and Mrs. Cranford, After careful analysis of Jeremy's vocational testing, I feel that he is best suited for a career in either torture or art direction.
Fat Ass①Our lawyers say no matter how funny it would be, we can't encourage players to eat the cards. Hear that? Whatever you do, *don't* eat the delicious cards.
Fatal Blow①"What is crueler? To let a wound of the heart fester, or to simply cut it out?"↵-Crovax
Fatal Frenzy①"I hope to have such a death-lying in triumph upon the broken bodies of those who slew me."↵-Radha, Keldon warlord
Fatal Fumes①Travelers in the undercity dread the horrors and assassins of the Dimir, but nearly as many die from more mundane hazards.
Fatal Lore①"All knowledge has its price."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Fatal Mutation①"You wear that shell as a mask. Now it's your coffin."↵-Cabal cleric
Fate Foretold①The tale of her life was already written, but that didn't mean she could predict the ending.
Fate Forgotten①When Sarkhan saved Ugin in Tarkir's past, it changed Tarkir's future. The Sultai no longer exist, having been supplanted by the dragonlord Silumgar and his clan.
Fate Transfer①"The cinders find strength in suffering, the elves in beauty. But if you make an elf suffer, he gets weaker. I wonder what happens if you make a cinder beautiful?"↵-Hrugash, leech bonder
Fate Unraveler①"Never forget that the life you've built can be undone by a single loose thread."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Fateful Absence①Sensing a plot, Sorin raced to his grandfather's resting-crypt. But someone else had gotten there first.
Fateful End①"Everything will be put back in its proper place."↵-Klothys, god of destiny
Fateful Showdown①Tonight at the Grand Exhibition, witness Head Judge Tezzeret face off against the infamous renegade Pia Nalaar.
Fates' Reversal①A doom denied-or, perhaps, delayed.
Fatespinner①No one knows what she is watching, but she never takes her eyes off it.
Fathom Fleet Boarder①Without frequent raids, orcs sometimes get bored and plunder their own ships.
Fathom Fleet Captain①"Join me, and take the world for yourself!"
Fathom Fleet Cutthroat①"It was a bad evening for you, mate. Now it's chow time for the sharks."
Fathom Fleet Firebrand①As she charges into battle, her arcane tattoos stir and crawl like fiery serpents.
Fatigue①"Mind if I just lie down right here for a few weeks?"
Fault Line①We live on the serpent's back.↵-Viashino saying
Fault Riders①They turn geological upheaval into tactical advantage.
Fauna Shaman①She wears the talismans of every creature she can evoke.
Favor of Jukai①The land chooses its own champions.
Favor of the Mighty①"What does a mountain fear of a fly? Giants are barely aware of us, let alone afraid."↵-Gaddock Teeg
Favor of the Overbeing①Enlightenment is the mundane seen from the vantage point of the divine.
Favor of the Woods①Feeling abandoned by Avacyn, some Kessigers turned to the pagan rituals of their ancestors.
Favorable Winds①"Like ribbons of wind and wisdom the coatls fly, twisting mystery into truth, shaping the clouds to suit their inscrutable will."↵-Huatli
Favorable Winds①Long thought to be extinct, flocks of gryffs reappeared with Avacyn's return.
Favored of Iroas①"The promise of victory fills my heart. There is no room for fear."
Fearful Villager①When Harold ran from the wolves, the others called him a coward.
Fearless Fledgling①Griffins nest in precarious places, so fledglings often find themselves taking their first flights at surprising moments.
Fearless Halberdier①"I spent some time in the Legion, but I'm done taking orders all day."
Fearless Liberator①"No one else had the spine for it, so I ran right between that giant's legs and hauled poor Valdir back to Axgard!"
Fearless Pup①"Awooo!"
Fearsome Awakening①On Tarkir, dragons emerge from enormous tempests, phenomena tied to Ugin's very presence on the plane.
Fearsome Temper①Purphoros is god of creation and destruction, which makes him the most creatively destructive god in the pantheon.
Fearsome Werewolf①Come nightfall, they were the ones fleeing in terror.
Fear①"Booga booga booga!"
Fear①"Don't fear the darkness. Fear what it hides."↵-Remin, venerable monk
Fear①"Even the bravest of warriors yet knows the dark clutch of fright upon his stalwart heart."↵-Lim-Dul the Necromancer
Fear①"Even the bravest of warriors yet knows the dark clutch of fright upon his stalwart heart."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Fear①"The horror! The horror!"↵-Joseph Conrad, *Heart of Darkness*
Feast of Blood①"The vampires of this world don't know the pleasures of hunger. They gorge themselves without savoring the kill."↵-Sorin Markov
Feast of Blood①Imbued in the Ancient Fang were spells far darker than any Dack Fayden would cast.
Feast of Dreams①"We gave the gods the power to war against us. It is time we took that power back."
Feast of Flesh①"Starving an army that feeds on its enemies is a sound strategy."↵-Garza Zol, plague queen
Feast of Sanity①The tastiest morsels are found in the mazes of the mind.
Feast of Succession①"Beware the eager host."↵-Eligeth, crossroads augur
Feast of Worms①"The dust beneath our feet was once part of a mighty civilization. Shall we too provide the path for a future generation?"↵-Sensei Golden-Tail
Feast of the Unicorn①"Could there be a fouler act? No doubt the Baron knows of one."↵-Autumn Willow
Feast of the Unicorn①"Could there be a fouler act? No doubt the baron knows of one."↵-Autumn Willow
Feast of the Unicorn①"Some delicacies are not to be savored, save by the callous."↵-Baron Sengir
Feast on the Fallen①"As our numbers dwindle, the ranks of the dead grow ever stronger."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Feast or Famine①"The living cannot understand the benefits of death."↵-Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Feast or Famine①"We are not yet free of Lim-Dul's terrors."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Feast or Famine①"We are not yet free of Lim-Dul's terrors."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Feat of Resistance①Dragons are extinct on Tarkir, but Abzan magic still emulates their endurance.
Fecundity①Life is eternal. A lifetime is ephemeral.
Feebleness①Just a small touch of magic can harness the debilitating power of Urborg's poisonous winds.
Feed the Clan①The Temur believe three things only are needed in life: a hot fire, a full belly, and a strong companion.
Feed the Machine①"Even you have a purpose. Your blood will oil the gears."
Feed the Serpent①He spent the final moments of his existence tumbling down the length of the serpent's jaws, driven mad by the magnitude of the Cosmos.
Feed the Swarm①"On vile wings and bloody wind, the swarm will rise."↵-Skyclave inscription
Feedback Bolt①The path of least resistance is often through your enemies.
Feeding Frenzy①It wasn't as much a strategy as a dim instinct to drown their prey.
Feeling of Dread①People only say "I'm sure it was nothing" when they're sure it was something.
Feign Death①A drastic measure for dangerous times.
Feiyi Snake①Two bodies, twice the malice.
Feldon of the Third Path①"She will come back to me."
Feldon's Cane①Feldon found the first of these canes frozen in the Ronom Glacier.
Felhide Brawler①Burial rites among the Felhide minotaurs involve devouring those who fell in battle, to remove their shame from memory and to fuel the survivors' revenge.
Felhide Minotaur①With spear held high, the Champion came to meet Thyrogog of the Ashlands, who wore the old king's skin as a cloak and fed on the flesh of innocents. The foul minotaur raised the great axe called Goremaster and charged.↵-*The Theriad*
Felhide Petrifier①It's common practice among minotaurs to collect the heads of their victims as trophies. Sometimes the trophies prove more than ornamental.
Felidar Cub①Felidars that make it through their first year of life can easily live to see a hundred years more.
Felidar Guardian①The loyalty of a felidar is hard won but worth the effort.
Felidar Sovereign①"If survival is a game, I've seen the winner."↵-Hazir, Sejiri cartographer
Felidar Sovereign①It surveys the withering landscape, waiting for a victory only it can see.
Feline Sovereign①Dogs beg. Cats lay claim.
Fell the Mighty①"They had it coming."↵-Squire Imalia, savior of Thiswick
Fell the Mighty①The battle began with an overwhelming wave of Tyranids and ended with Canoness Lucretia standing atop a huge pile of charred alien corpses.
Fell the Pheasant①"A keen eye and steady hand are essential for defeating most foes, including hunger."↵-Syr Grenphire, knight of Garenbrig
Fellwar Stone①"What do you have that I cannot obtain?" -Mairsil, called the Pretender
Fellwar Stone①"What do you have that I cannot obtain?"↵-Mairsil, called the Pretender
Fellwar Stone①"What do you have that I cannot obtain?"↵-Mairsil, the Pretender
Fellwar Stone①Throw stones, and throw away the world.↵-Dwarven proverb
Femeref Archers①"Bet you can't put it through the eye."↵"Left or right?"
Femeref Archers①"They say a Zhalfirin archer can split the eye of a griffin. Nonsense, of course: they have no faith to guide their darts."↵-Nuru, Femeref archer
Femeref Archers①"They say a Zhalfirin archer can split the eye of a griffin. Nonsense, of course; they have no faith to guide their darts."↵-Nuru, Femeref archer
Femeref Enchantress①"Then she spread a fine dust over the land, like a butterfly shaking its wing."↵-"The Enchantress," Femeref tale
Femeref Healer①"Faith is my shield, and hope is my armor; I am vulnerable only to myself."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Femeref Knight①"I will return / with lizard skins for your sandals. Paint your eyes black and wait for me."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Femeref Scouts①"The days before the war were filled with strange portents: scouts and herders spoke of villages reduced to ash, of farmers taken from their fields, and of foul beasts roaming the plains in packs. I know, for I spoke to them all."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Fen Hauler①"Success is found where others fear to look."↵-Ara, renegade smuggler
Fen Stalker①As silent as a shadow, and just as hard to flee.
Fencer Clique①You may as well try to swat a faerie↵-Flamekin expression meaning "that's impossible"
Fencer's Magemark①"The first blow is the most important. It often negates the need for a second."↵-Agrus Kos
Fencing Ace①"Go find yourself a couple of friends, and bring me a blindfold. Then we might have a fair fight."
Fencing Ace①His prowess gives the guildless hope that they can hold out against tyranny.
Fend Off①The best defense is to not get hit.
Fendeep Summoner①"What is drowned is not forgotten. I will fulfill my oath. Come back to me, my brethren, as I have come back for you."
Feral Abomination①"If you manage to get to the heart of the bog, you'll find things there that make zombies seem downright lovable."↵-Byaras, backwoods guide
Feral Abomination①"Urborg used to be lovely-scenic volcanoes, respectable lich lords. Since the Cabal came with their nightmares and thrulls, it's all gone to the worms."↵-Mister Lostspoons, Skulltown gossip
Feral Animist①"Channeling the rage of the beast is the easy part. Explaining why you woke up with no memory in a pile of mangled lawmages-that's trickier."
Feral Animist①He chanted over a pot of boiling blood and honey. His brain buzzed like a nest of hornets, and his muscles rippled with the might of the bear.
Feral Contest①The instinct for survival makes enemies of all.
Feral Hydra①It shreds its prey as each head fights for the choicest bits.
Feral Incarnation①Nature is itself wild-in all its forms.
Feral Instinct①"If a rhino's head is lower than its shoulders, trust me-it is *not* praying."↵-Mwani, Mtenda herder
Feral Invocation①Nylea's sacred lynx guards those who honor the Nessian Wood and hunts those who don't.
Feral Krushok①In a stunning act of diplomacy, Yasova Dragonclaw ceded a portion of Temur lands to the Sultai. Her clan protested until they saw she had given the Sultai the breeding grounds of the krushoks. They hadn't realized she had a sense of humor.
Feral Lightning①They moved like apes, but a thousand times swifter, prying into every corner, leaving pawprints of ash.
Feral Maaka①"Lost are the lush meadows and verdant forests, where maaka prowled and lammasu soared. Lost are the wilds, where our hearts were free."↵-Daiva, Gruul storyteller
Feral Prowler①Once favored companions, many cats were left to fend for themselves.
Feral Ridgewolf①"The wolves no longer hunt just to feed. They kill for sport, or for some madness behind their eyes."↵-Elmut, crossway watcher
Feral Shadow①"The night stalkers are such a minor power in Urborg. Their sad eagerness to elevate themselves makes them willing tools in the plundering of little Femeref."↵-Kaervek
Feral Shadow①"The nightstalkers are such a minor power in Urborg. Their sad eagerness to elevate themselves makes them willing tools in the plundering of little Femeref."↵-Kaervek
Feral Shadow①Not all shadows are cast by light-some are cast by darkness.
Feral Thallid①"Born and bred of fungus, Thallids were nearly impossible to kill."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Feral Thallid①"Born and bred of fungus, thallids were nearly impossible to kill."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Ferocious Pup①The strongest pack has the fiercest pups.
Ferocious Tigorilla①From a certain perspective, it's an inspiring story of overcoming obstacles.
Ferocious Zheng①Known for their glowing horn and stone-rattling roar, zheng are the fiercest predators in the forest. Few survived before Jiang Yanggu came.
Ferocity of the Wilds①Knights who excel in tournaments sometimes underestimate threats beyond the realm.
Ferocity①"You lot go on ahead. I'll keep killing them until it sticks."↵-Tahngarth
Feroz's Ban①"Without the protection of Feroz's Ban, I fear the Homelands are lost."↵-Daria
Feroz's Ban①Feroz is gone, but what remains is his final gift to his people: the right to be left alone.
Ferris Wheel①After a certain point, it becomes more of a prison than a ride.
Ferrovore①The Vulshok use its digestion to break down the most obstinate artifacts, from darksteel myr to seastrider plates.
Fertile Ground①"The love of nature . . . is a furious, burning, physical greed. . . ."↵-Mary Webb, *The House in Dormer Forest*
Fertile Ground①As Phyrexians descended, Multani paused to reflect on the beauty that might never be seen again.
Fertile Ground①Pretty, valuable, and delicious-a boggart thief's trifecta.
Fertile Ground①The forest was too lush for the brothers to despoil -almost.
Fertile Ground①The forest was too lush for the brothers to despoil-almost.
Fertile Ground①The true strength of nature is not the raging storm or the charging rhino, but the inexorable vitality of life.
Fervent Cathar①"I'll put my sword down only to die. And I don't plan on doing that today."
Fervent Champion①2018 World Champion Javier Dominguez
Fervent Charge①Crovax was nearly buried beneath the weight of his opponents.
Fervent Denial①"I prefer a reality in which you are not."
Fervent Denial①"Your tenacity is admirable. And futile."↵-Emperor Aboshan
Fervent Paincaster①"Everyone here is a honed fighter. We'll respond the only way we know how."
Fervent Strike①"The flame paints a bright wheel on the sky, then shifts into a stabbing spark. The enemy falls; the smoke of victory rises."↵-"Legends of the Firedancer"
Fervor①"If your blood doesn't run hot, I will make it run in the sands!"↵-Maraxus of Keld
Fervor①"We won't sit like lazy gob-slugs waiting for death to come to us. We'll bring death, shiny sharp, to our enemies."↵-Krenko, mob boss
Fervor①The intensity of their glare was soon surpassed by the intensity of their attack.
Festercreep①A single festercreep isn't alone. It's already an infestation.
Festergloom①The death of a scout can be as informative as a safe return.
Festerhide Boar①"Bury your dead deep. The boars are hungriest while the corpse is still warm."↵-Paulin, trapper of Somberwald
Festering Goblin①In life, it was a fetid, disease-ridden thing. In death, not much changed.
Festering Mummy①As its parched flesh withers away, its malignant hunger grows.
Festering Newt①Its back bubbles like a witch's cauldron, and it smells just as vile.
Festival Crasher①So many candles. So many flammables. So little time.
Festival of Trokin①Everyone loves a good sale.
Festival of the Guildpact①Everyone knows that violence at the Festival brings the worst of luck, so for at least one day a year arms are laid down in favor of brimming goblets.
Festival①Only after the townsfolk had drawn us into their merry celebration did we discover that their holiday rituals held a deeper purpose.
Festive Funeral①"Even as we mourn the last, we look to the next with joy. Hopefully, my new suitor will bring the Cauldron home."↵-Ayara, First of Locthwain
Fetid Heath①"Do not linger in such places, child. There the gwyllions dance. If they find you, you will join in their revels for eternity."↵-Talara, elvish safewright
Fetid Horror①"Of the six who went down the Uuserk Trail to scout ahead, one returned. She clawed at her eyes and nostrils and sobbed with horror. I was curious about what she saw, but we chose another path."↵-Scout Ekemet, final journal
Fettergeist①The choices of the living will tether them in death.
Feudkiller's Verdict①"There are all kinds of strengths, but if you have strength of soul, the others will follow."↵-Galanda Feudkiller
Fevered Convulsions①"Tell me again why you failed to capture Gerrard, you worthless pile of spine."↵-Volrath, to Greven
Fevered Strength①"The burst of strength brought on by this plague should not be mistaken for a sign of renewed health."↵-Kolbjorn, High Honored Druid
Fevered Strength①"The fever clouds the mind as it energizes the body. Both will pass in time."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Fevered Visions①The mind can only expand so far before it flies apart.
Fey Steed①Ride into legend.
Feywild Caretaker①"Hello, my fluttering friends! Isn't it a beautiful day?"
Feywild Trickster①Unlike most warlocks, those who make pacts with archfey are drawn to pranks and whimsy moreso than death and darkness.
Feywild Visitor①Fey energy clings to you, a shimmering reminder of your otherworldly travels.
Fibrous Entangler①". . . because to be honest, I couldn't tell you."↵-Halana, Kessig ranger
Fickle Efreet①Flame chooses its own course.
Fiddlehead Kami①"Like a riddle, it unwinds. Like a green wind, it reaches out. Like a sudden guilt, it seizes."↵-Snow Fur, kitsune poet
Field Creeper①As it walks across the fallow field, its awkward, loping gait matches the rattling in its head to create a haunting rhythm that chills the bones.
Field Marshal①He is the only one who sees the patterns in the overlapping maps and conflicting reports.
Field Marshal①The Knights of Stromgald struck Darien's Roost from two sides. They would have caught Kjeldor in a pincer attack were it not for Darien's tacticians.
Field Research①"In the field, speed-reading is a survival skill."
Field Surgeon①Commanders order soldiers to attack. Field surgeons order them to heal. Both are obeyed without question.
Field of Dreams①Some people say that the world is round, and if you travel far enough you'll come to the other side, where everything is upside down.
Field of Reality①"The scholars of the Minamo School understood the veil between their world and that of the kami. Moreover, they knew how to exploit it."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Fiend Binder①She had not believed any shred of humanity remained in these writhing monsters until the twisted form of her partner appeared before her.
Fiendish Duo①Half the size, double the mayhem.
Fiendlash①A fiery scourge for both flesh and soul.
Fierce Guardianship①"Hunt somewhere else. This is your only warning."↵-Gavi, nest warden
Fierce Invocation①Anger can empower those who embrace it.
Fierce Retribution①"It won't bring them back, but it will bring me peace."
Fierce Witchstalker①While the realm has laws, in the wilds there are other ways of balancing power.
Fiery Bombardment①It kills two beasts with one thrown.
Fiery Cannonade①Wary of the ferocious dinosaurs, the Legion of Dusk built up the walls of their fort-just in time for the pirates to burn them down.
Fiery Conclusion①The Boros legionnaire saw a noble sacrifice, the Rakdos thug a blazing suicide, and the Izzet alchemist an experiment gone awry.
Fiery Emancipation①"One day the mountain's fire will rise up to burn away our chains and end this age of oppression."↵-*The Molten Prophecy*
Fiery Fall①Jund feasts on the unprepared.
Fiery Finish①Negotiations reached an abrupt conclusion.
Fiery Hellhound①"I had hoped to instill in it the loyalty of a guard dog, but with fire's power comes its unpredictability."↵-Maggath, Sardian elementalist
Fiery Hellhound①Once a barbarian army has conquered a region, their shamans summon hellhounds that keep undesirables out and prisoners in.
Fiery Hellhound①There's nothing more exciting than a game of fetch the still-beating heart.
Fiery Impulse①"Well, this got out of hand."
Fiery Intervention①Burning something is easy. Choosing a target can be more difficult.
Fiery Islet①Where water is the canvas and lava the paint.
Fiery Justice①"The fire of justice burns like nothing else."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Fiery Justice①"The fire of justice burns like nothing else."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Fiery Justice①When the rebels couldn't breach the castle to kill Lalor the Obstinate, they tried a more internal approach to depose the pretender king.
Fiery Temper①"Let the flames ignore the sinless."
Fight to the Death①When a battlefield falls silent, it's rarely due to a cease-fire.
Fighting Chance①A stroke of luck can smite an army.
Fighting Drake①Scholars in their ivory towers call them "sharks of the sky." Scholars on the road don't call them at all.
Fighting Drake①Two things are needed to survive the harsh skies of Rath: a thick hide and a thicker skull.
Filigree Angel①"I craved enlightenment, and Crucius's etherium opened my eyes. I would share my sight with you, but first you must believe."
Filigree Attendant①"The perfect assistant is one that's responsive, dextrous, and capable of reaching all the high shelves."↵-Coruk, Esper artificer
Filigree Crawler①"The most harmonious designs are based on relationships found in nature."↵-Venand Kapur, the Gearherder
Filigree Familiar①"It's the must-have gift for everyone on your list. Get one for yourself, too!"↵-Chammi, curio vendor
Filigree Fracture①The sphinx tyrannized Bant until a rhox mage tested the hardiness of her shiny parts.
Filigree Sages①"We of the Sanctum Arcanum have pondered every word on every page of the Filigree Texts. If you can't say the same, don't bother speaking."
Filthy Cur①Some things even fleas won't bite.
Filth①"As the portal closed, Filth oozed through. The stench of evil followed it in."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Final Death①The Underworld erodes memory, identity, and eventually the physical form, leaving only crumbling statues called misera-hollow monuments to mortal futility.
Final Flare①Those who fought without honor in life are taken to Agonas and doomed to fight forever in its arenas.
Final Fortune①A reward is worthless if you aren't around to enjoy it.
Final Fortune①Want all, lose all.↵-Zhalfirin aphorism
Final Judgment①"The clashing warriors turned to face O-Kagachi, the greatest kami, and their sigh of awe was their last breath."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Final Parting①"Sleep now, brother. That is the one gift I can give you."↵-Liliana Vess
Final Payment①There's nothing quite like the feeling of paying off a large debt.
Final Punishment①The pain of a lifetime-every scrape, illness, and bruise-condensed into a single moment.
Final Revels①One whiff of the sweet, pungent scent leads to euphoria-or to an early grave.
Final Reward①Those who earn a glorious death are given the highest honor. They are carried on funeral barges through the gate to the afterlife.
Final-Sting Faerie①Many heroes' last sight is a grin at the other end of a rapier.
Finale of Devastation①Some spells sing a quiet tune. Others roar.
Finale of Eternity①When you rule by fear, your greatest weakness is one who's no longer afraid.
Finale of Glory①The sky boiled over the citadel, dire and dark. Then the angels brought the dawn.
Finale of Revelation①Ugin saw the gem that connected Bolas to his Meditation Realm as the key to his brother's downfall.
Finders, Keepers①The S.N.E.A.K. Code clearly permits looting corpses for parts. That just meant Agent 47.3 had to make sure her target was dead first.
Finishing Blow①"In this world, it's kill or be killed. I'd rather not be the latter."
Finishing Move①What the show lacks in historical accuracy, it makes up for in awesome submission holds.
Fire Ambush①"With fire he broke the battle at Bowang . . . . Striking fear deep into Cao Cao's soul, thus Kongming scored a coup at his debut."
Fire Ants①Visitors to Shiv fear the dragons, the goblins, or the viashino. Natives fear the ants.
Fire Diamond①Every facet aglow like iron in Moradin's mighty forge.
Fire Diamond①The essence of flame to stoke the spirit.
Fire Drake①Brimstone marks this drake's territory. Unfortunately for travelers, all of the Burning Isles smell likewise.
Fire Elemental①"Fire set free is a fearsome force-destructive, merciless, always hungry. Given direction, it is much worse."↵-Jeflin, Vastwood shaman
Fire Elemental①"The best way to learn from a book on pyromancy is to burn it."↵-Jaya Ballard
Fire Elemental①Fire Elementals are ruthless infernos, annihilating and consuming their foes in a frenzied holocaust. Crackling and blazing, they sear swift, terrible paths, leaving the land charred and scorched in their wake.
Fire Elemental①Fire elementals are ruthless infernos, annihilating and consuming their foes in a frenzied holocaust. Crackling and blazing, they sear swift, terrible paths, leaving the land charred and scorched in their wake.
Fire Elemental①It treads on feet of coals and strikes with the force of a volcano.
Fire Elemental①You are drawn to your death as a moth to the flame.
Fire Giant's Fury①So ended the feast, the hall, and the clan.
Fire Prophecy①"Water and bone tell many tales, but fire is fickle. It would rather consume than reveal."↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Fire Servant①"Elemental fire shimmers with rose hues and, unlike terrestrial blazes, smolders long after it's extinguished."↵-Jestus Dreya, *Of Elements and Eternity*
Fire Shrine Keeper①Though grimed with the dust of centuries, the ancient shrine was not unguarded.
Fire Snake①The snake's final thrashings only spread the fire within it.
Fire Urchin①Rain runoff in the Smelting District is known to spontaneously burst into flame.
Fire at Will①"Make these shots count. The more foes we drop now, the fewer we'll have trying to kill us later."
Fire-Belly Changeling①"My ears say it hisses. My fingers say it burns."↵-Auntie Wort
Fire-Lit Thicket①Occupancy of the den changes from night to night as boggart gangs fight for control of a place they aren't willing to simply eat.
Fire-Omen Crane①If you can see it clearly, you're already on fire.
Fireball①The orchard soon reeked of sulfur, smoke, and scorched bugbear, with just a hint of peach.
Fireball①The spell fell upon the crowd like a dragon, ancient and full of death.
Fireblade Artist①"Let's find out what kind of audience you are. Festive? Fearless?"
Fireblade Charger①"Down in flames" isn't a destination, but a journey.
Fireblast①Embermages aren't well known for their diplomatic skills.
Firebolt①"There's more where that came from!"
Firebolt①Reach out and torch someone.
Fireborn Knight①He endured the white-hot blaze of the Circle and the sweltering heat of the Irencrag, and he emerged victorious.
Firebrand Archer①A word of vengeance, and her arrows awaken in flame.
Firebrand Ranger①A skilled ranger can glance at the mud on your boots and tell where you last camped.
Firebreathing①"And topples round the dreary west A looming bastion fringed with fire." -Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam"
Firebreathing①"And topples round the dreary west A looming bastion fringed with fire."↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam"
Firebreathing①"And topples round the dreary west,↵A looming bastion fringed with fire."↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam"
Firebreathing①"And topples round the dreary west↵A looming bastion fringed with fire."↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam"
Firebreathing①"Cradle your rage close to your heart and nurture your grudge with hatred that you may unleash upon your foes a dragon's fury."↵-Tomor, dragonspeaker shaman
Firebreathing①"Magic's only part of it, my friend. Diet does the rest."↵-Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Firebreathing①"Magic's only part of it, my friend. Diet does the rest."↵-Suq'Ata trader
Firebreathing①The mage breathed in life-giving air and breathed out death-bringing fire.
Firecannon Blast①Goblins' fearlessness and diminutive size make them the perfect cannoneers.
Firedrinker Satyr①Attending a satyr revel requires a high tolerance for pain.
Firefist Adept①The versatile "fiery gauntlet" is among the first spells young Ghitu mages learn.
Firefist Striker①The flaming fist of Boros holds the promise of both protection and destruction in its grasp.
Firefly①"If they don't pinch, they burn. Can't ya eat any of da bugs here?"↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Firefright Mage①After millennia of advancement in goblin military theory, Toggo VI realized that almost everyone is afraid of fire.
Firehoof Cavalry①"What warrior worth the name fears to leave a trail? If my enemies seek me, let them follow the ashes in my wake."
Firemane Avenger①Firemane Nevena led the victorious assault on the Barbu Rooftop rebels. Now the Gateless have marked her for death.
Firemantle Mage①"Come on, you twisted things! Don't you want to get acquainted?"
Firemind Vessel①The city mourned Niv-Mizzet's death, but he left behind the components for his rebirth.
Fires of Invention①"Just tell us how many you want and get out of the way."
Fires of Undeath①"I drink of those who are worthy of my palate. The rest I burn."
Fires of Victory①The drums and horns were expected, but the goblin dance was a pleasant surprise.
Fires of Yavimaya①Yavimaya lights the quickest path to battle.
Firescreamer①In the dark, it's nearly invisible-until it exhales.
Fireslinger①"One pain is lessened by another's anguish."↵-William Shakespeare, *Romeo and Juliet*
Fireslinger①"Remember the moral of the fireslinger fable: with power comes isolation."↵-Karn, silver golem
Firesong and Sunspeaker①The peaks of Hurloon never fall silent.
Firestorm Hellkite①"If it can scar the sky with fire, do not share its destination."↵-Mwani, Mtenda herder
Firestorm Phoenix①"The bird of wonder dies, the maiden phoenix,/ Her ashes new-create another heir/ As great in admiration as herself." -William Shakespeare, *King Henry the Eighth*
Firestorm Phoenix①"The bird of wonder dies, the maiden phoenix,/ Her ashes new-create another heir/ As great in admiration as herself."↵-William Shakespeare, King Henry the Eighth
Firestorm①"Glok loved storms! He'd sit an' watch an' laugh through the whole thing. I miss him."↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Firewake Sliver①"They are here, and they are hungry. And what they do not eat, they burn. Yavimaya is lost. We must leave now for Skyshroud."↵-Edahlis, greenseeker
Firewing Phoenix①"When a phoenix nests in a volcano, we rejoice, for it means a hundred years of war."↵-Golmak, Keldon warlord
Firja, Judge of Valor①She is both shepherd and reaper, and her judgment is final.
Firmament Sage①The cause remained unclear, but the fact was undeniable: nights were lengthening faster than in any autumn past.
First Come, First Served①Yotian soldiers hoped that one day R&D would make an artifact creature whose name starts with Z. And in their dreams, it's a 4/1.
First Pick①Picking hammers is dangerous, but it's still safer than harvesting saw bushes.
First Response①"There's never a good time for a disaster or an attack. That's why we're here."↵-Oren, militia captain
First Sliver's Chosen①The most tenacious members of the hive instinctually guard the First Sliver.
First Volley①"We searched their bodies for signs of the blades that had killed them, but found nothing more than scorched flesh."↵-Tender-Hand, kitsune healer
Fishliver Oil①Then the maiden bade him cast off his robes and cover his body with fishliver oil, that he might safely follow her into the sea.
Fissure Vent①"Something down there has an appetite for what we're standing on. Let's hope it doesn't want seconds."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Fissure Wizard①He might call up a burst of lava or a raging hellion from Akoum's volcanic depths. Or he might just fall in.
Fissure①"Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?" -Plato
Fissure①"Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?"↵-Plato
Fissure①"Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?"↵-Plato, Phaedo, trans. Jowett
Fist of Suns①"It is all in my grasp. Every petty dream, every grand scheme, every soul, every fear. It all flows through me and from me."↵-Memnarch
Fists of Flame①"Fire has always been my most faithful companion."↵-Jared Carthalion
Fists of Ironwood①Saprolings add the three and the four to the "one-two punch."
Fists of the Anvil①Gron's mind reeled with possibilities, most of which are best left unmentioned.
Fit of Rage①"Anger is fleeting; remorse is eternal."↵-Karn, silver golem
Five-Finger Discount①"Dognapping is such an ugly word. I would characterize this as a unilateral redistribution of pets."
Flaccify①"Don't worry about it. It happens to every mage sooner or later."
Flagstones of Trokair①Dust-spiked winds eroded the stones, but the ground where they had stood still holds power.
Flailing Drake①Too many choices will always distract a greedy beast.
Flame Blitz①"Blast it, not again!"
Flame Burst①As hot as a dwarf's rage.
Flame Channeler①At the edge of night, on the cusp of winter, the allure of fire grows ever stronger.
Flame Discharge①"What? Why would it need a cooling unit?"
Flame Elemental①Storyteller: By my hand in the fire, this story is a tale of power. Listeners: May it give you strength.
Flame Fusillade①"A single item acting as lantern and lance? Now *that's* military efficiency."↵-Brev Grezar, Boros lieutenant
Flame Jab①"Fire's out. Should be safe now."↵-Gnarltrunk
Flame Javelin①Gyara Spearhurler would have been renowned for her deadly accuracy, if it weren't for her deadly accuracy.
Flame Jet①Did the land make the Keldons? Did the Keldons make the land? Or were they simply meant for each other?
Flame Lash①"This is just my warm-up."
Flame Rift①"You might want to step back."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Flame Rift①Crovax hungered for power, and the stronghold devoured the sky.
Flame Slash①After millennia asleep, the Eldrazi had forgotten about Zendikar's fiery temper and dislike of strangers.
Flame Spill①Fragile, floating Skysail suddenly seemed like an appealingly safe place to live.
Flame Spirit①"The spirit of the flame is the spirit of change."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Flame Spirit①"The spirit of the flame is the spirit of change."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Flame Sweep①"I have calculated that a dragon in flight, in a single strafing run, can cover an area of-"↵-Thaedus the Clever, last words
Flame Wave①"I hear the roaring of a wave whose waters are red and whose mists are black."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Flame-Blessed Bolt①"I noticed you were short on party favors, so I brought my own."↵-Higa, slayer-captain of Gatstaf
Flame-Kin War Scout①"The forward flame-kin are popping. We have incoming!"↵-Svar, Boros signaler
Flame-Kin Zealot①Boros soldiers are like a cache of bombs ready to explode, and the flame-kin light their fuses.
Flameblade Adept①"Allow zealous flames to light your path and the glory you seek will be revealed."↵-Hazoret, god of zeal
Flameblade Angel①"You must pay for your sin in blood."
Flameblast Dragon①Dragon lords of Jund rule by edicts of flame.
Flameblast Dragon①He marks his territory with fire and wrath, etching the mountainside with his charring breath.
Flameborn Hellion①"The most reliable omen of a future hellion attack is a past hellion attack."↵-Spear-Tribe teaching
Flameborn Viron①"Large or small, all will toil for the Great Work."↵-Decree of Urabrask
Flamebreak①"Now I'm thirsty."↵-Korva, Vulshok battlemaster
Flamecast Wheel①Beware the gifts of an ill-tempered forge god.
Flamecore Elemental①To a fire elemental, fools and fuels are one and the same.
Flamekin Bladewhirl①"The elves may try to confine us, but they will learn that our blazing spirit can never be suppressed."↵-Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Flamekin Brawler①When he hits people, they stay hit.
Flamekin Spitfire①Some flamekin warriors explore the art of coherence, an ancient discipline that harnesses the chaos of fire and focuses it with pinpoint precision.
Flames of the Blood Hand①Many ogres extracted blood oaths from the oni they summoned. Others simply extracted blood.
Flames of the Firebrand①"You're in luck. I brought enough to share."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Flames of the Raze-Boar①"Fire will cure a multitude of ills."
Flamescroll Celebrant①"Stand up and fight!"
Flamespeaker Adept①"I see your future, mantled in ash."
Flamethrower Sonata①He channels his heart's passion into every fiery note.
Flametongue Kavu①"For dim-witted, thick-skulled genetic mutants, they have pretty good aim."↵-Sisay
Flametongue Kavu①"For dim-witted, thick-skulled genetic mutants, they have pretty good aim."↵-Sisay, captain of the *Weatherlight*
Flamewave Invoker①Inside even the humblest goblin lurks the potential for far greater things-and far worse.
Flamewave Invoker①The Mirari burns in his heart.
Flamewright①Those who can't conspire, create.
Flaming Fist Officer①"Got the remaining citizens to safety! These miscreants have an appointment with my spear."
Flaming Fist①You carry the security of Baldur's Gate on your shoulders, and you welcome the weight of responsibility.
Flaming Sword①"It's not Talruum crystal, but I must admit-it gets the job done."↵-Tahngarth
Flanking Troops①Following the battle of Redcliffs, both Liu Bei and Sun Quan coveted the province of Jingzhou. After Sun Quan's troops failed to capture it, Liu Bei's succeeded.
Flare of Faith①"I fell to my knees. I called out to Sigarda. And then I saw my tormentors blaze with blessed sunlight."
Flare①"I strive for elegance and speed in my work."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Flare①"In the forest, fires light the sky as black clouds unfold their weight."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Flare①The secret of destruction is simple: everything burns.
Flaring Flame-Kin①A flame-kin is always formidable, but feeding its fire with a sorcerous gift grants it the power to devastate armies.
Flaring Pain①"I don't rub salt in wounds. I use sulfur."↵-Matoc, lavamancer
Flash Counter①"She grinned at me-a wicked grin. 'I hope you weren't relying too heavily on that, my dear.'"↵-Medryn Silverwand, *Diary*
Flash Counter①"So much for that bright idea!"
Flash Flood①Many people say that no power can bring the mountains low. Many people are fools.
Flash Foliage①"This undemanding vegetation takes root in a mote of dust but grows incredibly quickly."↵-Simic research notes
Flashfires①Dry grass is tinder before the spark.
Flashfreeze①"Is cold merely the absence of heat, or a force unto itself? Would a display of its power help you decide?"↵-Zubarek, Icewinder Magus
Flashfreeze①"Nature? Fire? Bah! Both are chaotic and difficult to control. Ice is structured, latticed, light as a feather, massive as a glacier. In ice, there is power!"↵-Heidar, Rimewind master
Flashfreeze①"Your downfall was not your ignorance, your weakness, or your hubris, but your warm blood."↵-Heidar, Rimewind master
Flash①No tactic transforms a battle like a well-timed carnivore.
Flatten①Like their dragonlord, the Kolaghan take no trophies. They find true fulfillment only in the battle itself, in clash of steel and thunder of hooves.
Flavor Judge①"...and now they're trying to make a brick wall on my property fight a dinosaur to the death."
Flawless Maneuver①"Captain, your units are the tip of our spear. There is zero room for failure."↵-Jirina Kudro
Flaxen Intruder①The middle blade was just right.
Flay Essence①"Your argument as to why I should spare you lacked substance. Now, so do you."↵-Geyadrone Dihada
Flayed One①Those suspected of carrying the flayer curse are summarily banished, lest the corruption spread to other Necrons.
Flaying Tendrils①Only one Eldrazi stood against them, yet the defenders were outnumbered.
Flay①The Keldons would never admit it, but Greel unsettles them, too.
Fledgling Djinn①"The young can be quite dangerous. Trust me, I should know."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Fledgling Griffin①"We're making progress, but its desire to explore still far exceeds its ability."↵-Amadi, Halimar griffin-master
Fledgling Imp①Imps aren't born knowing how to fly-just how to annoy.
Fledgling Osprey①It isn't truly born until its first flight.
Fleet Swallower①"Captain, I think that island is following us."
Fleet-Footed Monk①"Hesitation is for the faithless. My belief lends me speed."
Fleetfeather Sandals①"The gods gave us no wings to fly, but they gave us an even greater gift: imagination."↵-Daxos of Meletis
Fleetfoot Dancer①The Vanto Beatdown began as an improvised dance-battle at the Rose Room lounge. When word spread of how many were slain at the first event, it became a citywide obsession.
Fleeting Aven①"Don't become so enthralled with magic that you forget you can fly without it."
Fleeting Distraction①"To distract an archmage would take incredible power. But for a simpleton, something sparkly will do."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Fleeting Distraction①The first spell taught to young mages, it has spared the lives of many whose hands are too small to hold a sword.
Fleeting Image①"Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow."↵-Aesop, *Fables*, trans. Jacobs
Fleeting Image①"It was as if we fought a shadow."↵-Onean soldier
Fleeting Image①Horas swore off drinking, but after meeting the creature a second time he decided he'd better start again.
Flesh Carver①"Just a taste?"
Flesh Reaver①Though the reaver is horrifyingly effective, its dorsal vents spit a highly corrosive cloud of filth.
Flesh to Dust①"Another day. Another avenging angel. Another clump of feathers to toss in the trash."↵-Liliana Vess
Flesh to Dust①"Pain is temporary. So is life."↵-Liliana Vess
Fleshbag Marauder①Grixis is a world where the only things found in abundance are death and decay. Corpses, whole or in part, are the standard currency among necromancers and demons.
Fleshformer①Necromancers who discovered the new sources of mana were quick to dream up new nightmares with them.
Fleshgrafter①Necrogen enflames certain emotional centers in the Morioks' brains: hate, aggression, and especially greed.
Fleshmad Steed①More disturbing than the unknown is a distortion of the familiar.
Fleshpulper Giant①He doesn't hate small folk. He just likes the squishing sound they make.
Fleshtaker①A soulless husk of endless hunger.
Flicker of Fate①An infinite journey in an infinitesimal time.
Flickering Spirit①It disappears each time with the hope that it will not return to the same desolation it left behind.
Flickerwisp①Its wings disturb more than air.
Flicker①Who is truer: you who are, or you who are to be?
Flight of Equenauts①"Yes, there's competition between our equenauts and the Boros skyjeks. At least they think it's a competition."
Flight of Fancy①The view from above is an inspiration to the newly winged.
Flight①"Those who claim to know the world in its entirety rarely have the requisite perspective."↵-Ulmarus the Wise
Fling①About halfway to the target, Snukk vowed that he had been tricked for the last time.
Fling①Giants believe that tossing redcaps at knights is the best way to deal with both.
Fling①It's raining rats and moggs.
Fling①Masters of the sword know the blade is not the only weapon at their disposal.
Fling①Never flinch. Never falter. Never fear.
Fling①Sometimes the cannoneer must become the cannonball.
Flinthoof Boar①Through the smoke and flames it hunts, sniffing out the panicked and confused.
Flip the Switch①"Works every time! Well, every time they don't explode, anyway."↵-Barton, stitcher
Floating-Dream Zubera①When the Honden of Seeing Winds was forgotten, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to uncover mortal secrets.
Flock of Rabid Sheep①And their bleating was like a wet salmon slapped upon the land-slap! slap! slap!
Flood of Recollection①Jace tumbled down the waterfall and plunged deep into his past.
Flood of Tears①"I have wept such a torrent as to scour the land clean."↵-Mu Yanling
Floodbringer①"Such a small thing, a drop of water . . . And yet enough of them together can flood a field, cleanse a mire, or choke a forest."
Flooded Grove①At full moon, the river seeps over its banks and crawls through the woods like a blanket of serpents.
Flooded Shoreline①"Some say the sea is jealous of the land and wishes to climb its heights to meet the sky."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Flooded Strand①Where dragons once slept, their bones now rest.
Flooded Woodlands①Freyalise's tears bring life and renewal, though they also bring trouble.
Floodgate①"Quick, Rhirhok-teach me to swim!"↵-Makht, goblin casualty
Floodhound①Action: This creature is a BLOODHOUND formed entirely of WATER.
Floodhound①The thief doubled back twice, doused herself with perfume, crossed the ocean, and still woke up with her pursuer close on her heels.
Floodtide Serpent①"Pray to Thassa for *what*? A bigger monster to eat it? A wave that can wash it away? What then?"↵-Lindos, merchant of Meletis
Floodwater Dam①Viscerid dams may be of living creatures as well as bones and mud.
Floodwaters①"It usually appears placid, but don't be fooled. The Luxa River is a snake, and it can swallow you whole."↵-Neponem, vizier of Kefnet
Flood①"A dash of cool water does wonders to clear a cluttered battlefield." -Vibekke Ragnild, *Witches and War*
Flood①"A dash of cool water does wonders to clear a cluttered battlefield."↵-Vibekke Ragnild, *Witches and War*
Flourishing Defenses①Many horrors take the bait of brave elf volunteers walking alone, only to fall to the blades of rescuers lurking nearby.
Flourishing Fox①"Day 1: These fox pups have really taken to me.↵"Day 4: Big. So big. Need additional security."↵-Jonald, mission naturalist, research notes
Flourishing Hunter①"I would welcome her into my pack with honor."↵-Arlinn Kord
Flow of Ideas①"A system to direct the flow of Ravnica's entire water supply? Thinking a bit small, aren't we?"↵-Trivaz, Izzet mage
Flow of Ideas①"Beware the merrows, whose envy and covetousness surpasses even that of the ravenous whirlpools where they dwell."↵-*The Book of Other Folk*
Flow of Maggots①"The very earth seemed alive and made a sound like the writhing of the damned."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Flowering Field①Some lands are soothing, and their peace can be felt in the soul.
Flowering Lumberknot①"It used to eat us trappers. Now it follows us around like some kind of hound dog."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Flowstone Blade①"Remember the fable of the elf who came upon a cave of gold. In trying to free the largest piece, she was crushed by its weight."↵-Karn
Flowstone Blade①"Remember the fable of the elf who came upon a cave of gold. In trying to free the largest piece, she was crushed by its weight."↵-Karn, silver golem
Flowstone Channeler①With the evincars gone, flowstone became erratic and wild, a source of power for mages more desperate than wise.
Flowstone Charger①A mane of flowstone and a mien of fury.
Flowstone Crusher①"Someone must have done something very bad to make a rock that angry."↵-Rebel scout
Flowstone Crusher①"What's better than smashing things with a rock? A rock that gets up and smashes things for you."↵-Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Flowstone Embrace①"The seventh symbol, the Mark of Stone, stores the power of ancient Rath."↵-*Tome of Elemental Mastery*
Flowstone Giant①When the first of these giants woke from the bedrock, he was still sleepy. He yawned and stretched until his legs grew so thin that they snapped like icicles in the sun.↵-Vec lore
Flowstone Hellion①Volrath leaves no stone untrained.
Flowstone Infusion①The rumor that contact with flowstone would reveal Phyrexian sleeper agents was spread mostly by Phyrexian sleeper agents.
Flowstone Kavu①The kavu adjusted easily to the Rathi overlay, incorporating the invasive flowstone into their own adaptable forms.
Flowstone Mauler①Once these horrifying creatures were perfected, there was no need for armodons.
Flowstone Overseer①The rebels couldn't see where the roar was coming from. Then they saw it was coming from everywhere.
Flowstone Salamander①The Furnace of Rath is periodically illuminated by their sparkling yawns.
Flowstone Sculpture①The sculptor, weary of his work, created art that would finish itself.
Flowstone Shambler①Flowstone troops are notoriously difficult to keep in formation.
Flowstone Slide①"Like an avalanche. With teeth. That will chase you. Uphill."↵-Flint Foot, viashino runner
Flowstone Slide①It may look like soil, but its nature is malice.
Flowstone Strike①Aggression exacts its toll.
Flowstone Surge①The army was never at a loss for weapons; Crovax was their forge.
Flowstone Thopter①Airborne flowstone isn't less dangerous, only less common.
Flowstone Wall①The rebels assaulted the wall, never suspecting the wall would assault back.
Flowstone Wyvern①"Where I come from, stone stays on the ground."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Flowstone Wyvern①"Where I come from, stone stays on the ground."↵-Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Fluctuator①"It generates power by harnessing the nature of possibility itself."↵"But will it work?"↵". . . Possibly."
Fluctuator①Fiko summoned only atogs for three straight sessions. The tutor couldn't decide whether to punish his failure or praise his consistency.
Flummoxed Cyclops①"A cyclops thinks slowly but strikes quickly. Try to keep it thinking."↵-Brigone, soldier of Meletis
Flumph①Flumphs siphon thoughts and energy from evil aberrations, and are often eager to share the dark knowledge they obtain with friendly adventurers.
Flunk①"I assure you, no one fails my course more than once."↵-Embrose, Silverquill dean
Flurry of Horns①A minotaur does not distinguish between human, satyr, and triton. They are all meat.
Flurry of Wings①"We are born soldiers. The call to battle is a homecoming."
Flutterfox①"The white fox grinned. 'How about a bet, dragon? If I win, the skies are mine.' After he stopped laughing, the dragon agreed."↵-*Tales of the Fae*
Flux Channeler①"Inform our allies in the Tenth and throw the circuit. It's about to get weird."
Fluxcharger①One part mizzium, two parts elemental energy, eleven parts danger.
Flux①"Every spell has the potential to be worthless."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Flycatcher Giraffid①Poachers use the harvested tongues to snare pests, plumb caves, and scale tall buildings.
Flying Carpet①"Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Flying Carpet①Woven from strands of griffin mane and pegasus tail.
Flying Crane Technique①There are many Jeskai styles: Riverwalk imitates flowing water, Dragonfist the ancient hellkites, and Flying Crane the wild aven of the high peaks.
Flying Men①Saffiyah clapped her hands and twenty flying men appeared at her side, each well trained in the art of combat.
Foam Weapons Kiosk①"As a safety measure, our foam is made from the softest metals available."↵-Randa, day care blacksmith
Foam Weapons Kiosk①"I'm sorry, ma'am. Sometimes a real sword just sneaks its way in there."↵-Randa, day care blacksmith
Foam Weapons Kiosk①Not suitable for children . . . who aren't ready to have a lot of fun!
Foam Weapons Kiosk①Nothing is safe in the hands of an eight-year-old.
Fodder Cannon①Step 1: Find your cousin. Step 2: Get your cousin in the cannon. Step 3: Find another cousin.
Fodder Launch①Leave it to a boggart to come up with a projectile as disgusting as it is deadly.
Fodder Tosser①"In event of siege, load copiously with: hot oil, cannonballs, caltrops, rubble, old swords, mess-hall leftovers, chamber pots, broken chairs, salt, cousin Furt . . ."↵-Trebuchet instructions
Fog Bank①"The union of sea and sky makes a perfect cover."↵-Talrand, sky summoner
Fog Elemental①"I've seen fog so thick you could cut it, but none that could cut me."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Fog Elemental①"It's the perfect sentry. Those who should pass can go right through it."↵-Teferi
Fog Patch①Realizing they weren't getting past the fog, the elves did the only thing they could do: wait.
Fog of Gnats①You can swat a thousand gnats, but a thousand more will assail you.
Fog①"I fear no army or beast, but only the morning fog. Our assault can survive everything else."↵-Lord Hilneth
Fog①"More armies have been lost in the confusion of the jungle mists than to any battle."↵-Jolrael
Fog①It's hard enough to find your way through uncharted wilderness when you can see the tip of your nose.
Foil①Among wizards, poor timing is the most consistent mistake.
Fold into Aether①Æther portals drift across Mirrodin's surface, dragging creatures across time and space.
Folk Hero①Tales of your great deeds follow you no matter how far you travel from your hometown.
Folk Medicine①Sometimes the healers need healing.
Folk of An-Havva①"There are those who accept being told what to do, what to think, and what to say. Then there are the Folk of An-Havva."↵-Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Folk of An-Havva①"This town's only for good folk. The rest can go to the city."↵-Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Folk of the Pines①"Our friends of the forest take many forms, yet all serve the will of Freyalise."↵-Laina of the Elvish Council
Followed Footsteps①Æther can turn a footprint into a blueprint.
Font of Agonies①"No worthwhile reward is easily gained."↵-Nicol Bolas
Font of Fertility①Drink deep, and know the path to the heart of the wilds.
Font of Fortunes①Drink deep, and your thoughts will flow freely.
Font of Ire①Drink deep, and find your vengeance fulfilled.
Font of Magic①Warnis had always felt a glimmer of potential within herself, flickering just out of reach. That night, as the cultists attacked, it became a torrent of power that was hers to command.
Font of Mythos①Those who drink from Malfegor's cup are tainted with hunger and stained with lies.
Font of Return①Drink deep, and death will recoil from you.
Font of Vigor①Drink deep, and be restored.
Food Chain①Every predator is something else's prey.
Fool's Gold①All that glitters might be gold
Fool's Tome①Squee: "What's that?" Ertai: "It's a magical book." Squee: "Am I smart enough ta use it?" Ertai: "You could say that."
Foot Soldiers①Infantry deployment is the art of putting your troops in the wrong place at the right time.
Footbottom Feast①The scent of rot and vinegar fills the marsh, inviting boggarts from every warren to reunite and feast.
Foothill Guide①"Like any pests, goblins must be repelled quickly or they multiply."
Footlight Fiend①"This footlight's broken. Get me a stagehand!"↵-Judith
Footsteps of the Goryo①In the case of violent deaths, kami offered a chance for revenge if the deceased offered up its corpse as a host to the invading kami.
For Each of You, a Gift①"My generosity blesses you all, even the undeserving."
For the Emperor!①They all took up the cry, the missionaries, the pilgrims, the sisters of the Orders Militant. The forces of Chaos melted before the fire of their faith.
For the Family①The Cabaretti cultivate an image of harmless hedonism, happy for the other families to underestimate their formidable firepower.
Foratog①Five hundred years to grow-barely a minute to eat.
Forbidden Friendship①The two looked at each other, and neither fled. "I see," the soldier murmured. "We're both just fighting for survival out here, aren't we?"
Forbidding Spirit①"You will respect the dead."
Force Away①Where an enemy once rode, not even a whisper remains.
Force Spike①"I don't *think* so."
Force Spike①"Unknown spears / Suddenly hurtle before my dream-awakened eyes . . . ."↵-William Butler Yeats, "The Valley of the Black Pig"
Force Void①"My mind and spirit are one-a barrier not readily passed."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Force of Nature①"It blinked, and flower petals fell like tears. Harthar, sensing weakness, attacked-and his blood fell like petals."↵-Shesul Fass, faerie bard
Force of Negation①"Try, if you must."
Force of Negation①Not even the most seathing critics can break her concentration.
Force of Savagery①"Life cannot be created and then abandoned. It must be nurtured and fed so that it may express its ripened might."↵-Freyalise
Force of Vigor①The vines overgrew the construct, snapping gears and soaking up aether.
Force of Virtue①"Where divinity leads, victory follows."↵-Silverblade motto
Force of Will①"Amateur."
Force of Will①"I alone determine my destiny."
Force of Will①"Weren't you ever taught that it's rude to interrupt?"
Force of Will①"Your artillery will burn itself out before I allow my focus to waver."
Force of Will①2011 Legacy Championship Winner
Forced Adaptation①"We're planting the seeds of change. Sometimes, we plant them in people."↵-Vorel of the Hull Clade
Forced Fruition①"Petals within petals within petals, tadpole. The truth lurks below an opulence of illusion."↵-Neerdiv, fallowsage
Forced Landing①The druid knew only one spell, a charm to encourage rapid plant growth. When airborne Eternals invaded her arboretum, she had to get creative.
Forced March①The Caterans call it a screening process. The dead are in no condition to argue.
Forced Retreat①"Leadership, not numbers, determines victory."↵-A Wu commander, before his 5,000 troops forced 15,000 Wei troops to retreat from Ruxu
Forced Worship①Imprisonment teaches revenge. Hobbling teaches resignation.
Forcemage Advocate①"Our unity renews our strength."
Foreboding Ruins①Sent to find Sorin, Jace ventured to the vampire's ancestral home, only to find evidence of a deeper mystery.
Foreboding Ruins①When the Great Rift opened across the galaxy, many Imperial worlds were lost to chaos.
Foreboding Statue①As the sand eroded, a faint sound could be heard whirling under the ground.
Forerunner of Slaughter①"While we delay, they're on the move. They will not wait as we bicker. We are losing this war by moments as our goal slips beyond our reach."↵-Gideon Jura
Foresee①Two eyes to see what could be, two eyes to see what will.
Foresee①Wind time's watch, and watch time unwind.
Forest Bear①Fish and bear paws-one can't have both.↵-Chinese idiom meaning "you can't have it both ways"
Forest①As monsters from the Underdark rampage across the world above, you've delved deep underground to determine what has driven them upward.
Forest①As the sun reaches its zenith on the day of the solstice, a castle shimmers into view on the hilltop, just as the ancient text predicted.
Forest①As you venture deeper under the boughs of Neverwinter Wood, arrows in a tree trunk suggest you might not be welcome.
Forest①Before the elf queen will aid you, you must find a way to cure the strange rot afflicting the roots of the ancient trees.
Forest①The lights in the cavern glow and fade, glow and fade in a rhythm that must have a deeper meaning, if only you can figure it out.
Forest①You continue to mutter and complain as you trip over yet another gnarled root. From behind the nearest tree trunk, something mutters back.
Forest①You know that hiexel bark produces a lot of smoke when burned, but why would Rilsa Rael need so much of it?
Forest①You're on your way home when you spot the gates of a strange city . . . one that isn't on the map and wasn't here when you traveled this path four days ago.
Forever Young①Those who say you only live once have never been touched by the Cauldron of Eternity.
Forfend①"Suddenly there stood a fortress protecting the clachan, its walls hewn of valor and mortared with honor."↵-*Clachan Tales*
Forge Boss①"Big furnace like this can reduce anything to ash. You got something you need reduced to ash?"
Forge Devil①A bit of pain never hurts.
Forge Devil①Devils infiltrated the lower levels of Thraben Cathedral, making cracks in load-bearing pillars and setting fire to precious archives.
Forge of Heroes①History is not delicately woven. It is hammered with fire.
Forgeborn Oreads①Purphoros shaped the oreads out of stray coals from his forge.
Forgestoker Dragon①The Akroans fashion their helms to honor the dragons, not to protect against them, as that would be of little help.
Forgotten Ancient①Its blood is life. Its body is growth.
Forgotten Cave①In the hearts of mortals, in the pages of ancient lore, in the deep, forgotten places of the universe . . . Chaos awaits.
Forgotten Creation①"My earliest work escapes me."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Forgotten Lore①In ashes are the gems of history.
Forgotten Sentinel①It was built to withstand the ages, but no one remembers who built it or why it keeps its eternal watch.
Foriysian Brigade①"A double-edged sword lets you cut down your enemies with the backswing as well."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Foriysian Interceptor①A focal point for time rifts, Foriys contends simultaneously with foes both new and old.
Fork in the Road①"This is as far as I go."↵-Beckram, Skiltfolk escort
Forked Bolt①"Play no favorites. Everybody dies."↵-Sparkmage saying
Forktail Sweep①"Watch out for its teeth, tail, claws, wings, back, and front."↵-Olga, cavalier
Forlorn Pseudamma①"More children taken. This is an evil we will track without mercy."↵-Anthousa of Setessa
Formation①"I have been a warrior for over four hundred years, and yet each generation of Kjeldorans teaches me new tricks. There can be no better allies."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Forsake the Worldly①"Why cling to these trappings? They are but tools and affectations. True wealth can be possessed only in the afterlife."
Forsaken Drifters①It is a terrible thing when the path of the Returned leads them back to the Underworld.
Forsaken Monument①"We shall forever roam."↵-Ayli, high priest of the Eternal Pilgrims
Forsaken Sanctuary①"Prayers will curdle on the tongue and be heard by rotting ears."↵-Minaldra, the Vizag Atum
Forsaken Sanctuary①In the galleon's grand cathedral, conquistadors swore vows of faith. In its wreckage, they swore vows of revenge.
Forsaken Thresher①Were it not for the cultists' fatal curiosity, the terrible machine might have lain dormant for decades more.
Fortified Rampart①The refuge's defenses allow new recruits to see lesser Eldrazi up close, steeling their stomachs for what's to come.
Fortifying Draught①"If a seedling can push through solid stone, there's no limit to what I could do."
Fortifying Provisions①"To the king, to the Circle, and to the realm! And to not dying."
Fortify①"Where metal is tainted and wood is scarce, we are best armed by faith."↵-Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Fortress Crab①Unbreakable and unappetizing, the crab grows uninterrupted, sometimes to the size of a cottage and beyond.
Fortress Cyclops①"They think they tamed him, but he will always be a wild titan, a force of nature."↵-Nedja, Gruul shaman
Fortress①Hah!  I'd like to see them try to get in here
Fortuitous Find①An aetherborn wastes neither time nor treasure.
Fortunate Few①"... Is it over?"
Fortunate Few①"...Is it over?"
Fortune Teller①TODAY'S FORTUNE: AVOID CHANDRA'S INCENDIARY EXPERIENCE AROUND 11:37.
Fortune Teller①TODAY'S FORTUNE: ON YOUR DEATHBED, YOU WILL REGRET NOT EATING MORE PIZZA. (This fortune brought to you by our sponsor Saheeli Pie Pizzeria, located on the boardwalk next to Teferi's Time Twister. Bring this fortune to get 15% off any purchase.)
Fortune Teller①TODAY'S FORTUNE: THE REST OF YOUR LIFE WILL BE FULL OF FUN AND HAPPINESS-ALL SIX HOURS OF IT.
Fortune Teller①TODAY'S FORTUNE: TO AVOID CERTAIN DOOM, MAKE SURE TO . . . INSERT ADDITIONAL TOKENS TO CONTINUE.
Fortune Teller①TODAY'S FORTUNE: YOU WILL HAVE A CHANCE ENCOUNTER WITH A HANDSOME ROBOT.
Fortune Teller①TODAY'S FORTUNE: YOU WILL REGRET SPENDING YOUR MONEY ON THIS FORTUNE.
Fortune's Favor①Uncertainty has its own allure.
Fossil Find①"Some secrets want to be revealed. They burst through the soil of their own accord."↵-Dindun of Kulrath Mine
Foul Familiar①"Serve me, and live forever."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Foul Imp①The imp, unaware of its own odor, paused to catch its breath . . . and promptly died.
Foul Imp①The villagers call it "winged stench."
Foul Orchard①"Such a beautiful place for a stroll."↵-Liliana Vess
Foul Orchard①On Amonkhet, death is an ever-present part of life.
Foul Orchard①The stench of rotting meat lures flies, goblins, and young raptors.
Foul Play①The evidence was overwhelming. Tovolar's howlpack was getting bolder, smarter, and stronger.
Foul Presence①The Phyrexians have one word that means both "evolution" and "pain."
Foul Renewal①The cycle of life and death is rarely pretty.
Foul-Tongue Shriek①Foul-Tongue shamans draw their powers from a dark twisting of the Draconic language.
Foundation Breaker①The castle finally got vengeance for enduring years of royally bad taste.
Foundry Assembler①"They never tire, they never complain, and they never ask questions. Build more."↵-Ivash, Consulate inventor
Foundry Helix①Steel never forgets the strike of the forge.
Foundry Hornet①Its buzzing is easily mistaken for the hum of a thopter's wings.
Foundry Inspector①Automaton inspectors ensure that the Consulate's stringent standards for mass production are upheld.
Foundry Screecher①"My creations still can't match the dive speed of those floppy-winged mammals. Maybe I should enter one of them in the Fair."↵-Viprikti, thopterist
Foundry Street Denizen①After the Foundry Street riot, Arrester Hulbein tried to ban bludgeons. Which, inevitably, resulted in another riot.
Foundry of the Consuls①All around the foundry, automatons unhitched themselves from their mounts and pivoted to face Chandra.
Fountain Watch①The Cho-Arrim didn't rely only on a secret location to protect their Fountain.
Fountain of Ichor①Sun Empire priests thought they were digging a well. What they tapped was something different entirely.
Fountain of Renewal①Entrepreneurs have attempted to sell the water, but to no avail. Whatever magic it contains disappears upon bottling.
Fountain of Youth①Some say the fountain's waters are the first rains that fell over Dominaria.
Fountain of Youth①The Fountain had stood in the town square for centuries, but only the pigeons knew its secret.
Fountain of Youth①The fountain had stood in the town square for centuries, but only the pigeons knew its secret.
Fourth Bridge Prowler①Renegades run the gamut from lofty sages to petty thieves.
Fowl Play①"I feel like chicken tonight!"
Foxfire Oak①"The brethren shall blaze with unnatural fire, and the flame shall consume and purify our rage."↵-Treefolk catastrophe myth
Foxfire①"Only the foolish fear Foxfire."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Foxfire①"Only the foolish fear foxfire."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Fractal Summoning①"Fractals are just pseudo-dimensional manifestations of asynchronous biosymmetries. It's really quite simple."↵-Kianne, Quandrix dean
Fraction Jackson①Bitten by radioactive beebles in a freak algebra accident, young Ricky Robertson discovered he'd gained the ability to harness the awesome power of fractions!
Fractured Identity①Self-reflection is not without its perils.
Fractured Powerstone①The Thran learned to capture mana, but power inevitably escapes its bonds.
Fractured Sanity①Action: We'd like an epic, abstract illustration of a fantastical moon (not the real-life earth moon), which has cracked open.
Fractured Sanity①The body grows stronger under stress. The mind does not.
Fracture①"Your defiance is amusing, little mage. It's time you learn how fragile you really are."↵-Extus Narr
Fracturing Gust①Elvish dawnhands test a relic's worthiness before collecting it for the safehold. If it can't stand up to a stiff breeze, it's left behind.
Fragment of Konda①For his transgressions against the kami, Lord Konda's immortal body was turned to stone, then shattered into a thousand still-living pieces.
Fragmentize①"Too much friction on your bearings, your countersinking is inconsistent, and there are lines in your casting. Dispose of it, and begin again."↵-Dovin Baan
Framed!①Who knew an 8˝ by 10˝ could feel like a 2˝ by 4˝?
Frankie Peanuts①Don't cross him or you'll end up sleeping with the merfolk.
Frantic Inventory①"Another village, another angry mob. Why do I even bother unpacking?"
Frantic Purification①By definition, madness ends in one of two ways: clarity . . . or death.
Frantic Salvage①"We will mourn when there is time. For now, we survive."
Frantic Search①It took the banning of temporal manipulation at Tolaria West to teach its students the value of time.
Frantic Search①Motivation was high in the academy once students realized flunking their exams could kill them.
Fraternal Exaltation①... and when you want to go explore, the number you should have is four.↵-Sandra Boynton
Fraying Omnipotence①The Great Mending that healed the Multiverse also unraveled the threads of Nicol Bolas's power.
Fraying Sanity①Those wound tightest are first to unravel.
Frazzled Editor①The pen is mightier than the sword.
Frazzle①The chant was interrupted, the components cooked, and Zok worried that it was his brain he smelled smoking.
Freed from the Real①When a strong mind moves, form and energy shift to heed it.
Freejam Regent①The dragons perching in Freejam's towers symbolize the zone's fierce independence.
Freelance Muscle①He never asks why. Just who, when, and where.
Freewind Equenaut①Confront her, and feel the hooves of her steed. Ignore her, and feel the sting of her arrow.
Freewind Falcon①"That does it! I'm going back to hunting chickens!"↵-Rhirhok, goblin archer
Frenetic Ogre①The best thing about ogres is that they never try to sneak up on you.
Frenetic Raptor①"How do you stop a raptor from charging? No, seriously! Help!"↵-Blarg, goblin jester
Frenzied Devils①"Devils need no reason to stir up chaos. The chaos itself is their reward."↵-Rem Karolus, Fiendslayer
Frenzied Fugue①Forever after, she lived in fear of the madness reclaiming her.
Frenzied Goblin①The upside to not thinking about the consequences is that you'll always surprise those who do.
Frenzied Goblin①What he lacks in stature, he makes up for with enthusiasm.
Frenzied Rage①"The heat in our hearts sometimes rises to the surface."↵-Valduk, keeper of the Flame
Frenzied Raider①"Arrogant maggot. You won't be so proud when I rip out your tongue and drink from your skull!"
Frenzied Raptor①"Though the road through Raugrin is lined with alarm crystals, some monsters seem to be adapting. We've had raptors feigning attacks on provision caravans, while others try to sneak through the lava curtain."↵-Dol, Lavabrink quartermaster
Frenzied Raptor①Sun Empire warriors are taught to emulate the fearless raptors that fling themselves against towers of horn and muscle a hundred times their size.
Frenzied Saddlebrute①The drumbeats of the horde echo in every heart.
Frenzied Tilling①"Beneath her scars, Dominaria's beauty yet shines."↵-Multani, maro-sorcerer
Frenzied Tilling①"Izzet contraptions pollute our lands. Burn them down, kill the makers, cleanse the earth."↵-Nedja, Gruul shaman
Frenzy Sliver①The Arturan conjurers took the strange, alien fossil and patterned their own twisted creations in its image.
Fresh Meat①A scavenger's favorite appetizer is death.
Fresh Volunteers①Every Cho-Arrim villager is a potential warrior; when they are called, they abandon their peaceful way of life and take up arms to defend it.
Fresh-Faced Recruit①"Hold on to your ideals. They'll be tested more than your armor or the edge of your blade."↵-Tajic
Fretwork Colony①The swarm leaves behind a flawless pattern that only occasionally threatens the structural integrity of the wood.
Freyalise Supplicant①"We have joined with the Druids of the Juniper Order. Our faith is one."↵-Laina of the Elvish Council
Friendly Fire①"Never tell goblins to 'fire at will.'"↵-Urut Barzeel, Mardu hordechief
Frightful Delusion①Whether he actually exists is in question, but the terror she feels is excruciatingly real.
Frilled Deathspitter①Nothing says trouble like a reedy hiss with a hint of liquid gurgle.
Frilled Mystic①"Your arrival was expected...and unwelcome."
Frilled Oculus①"Understand the Simic? That's about as easy as winning a staring contest with a homunculus."↵-Dars Gostok, Firefist captain
Frilled Sandwalla①"Even the smallest creatures are fierce in defense of their own territory."↵-Vivien Reid
Frilled Sandwalla①It basks atop the rubble of Rhonas's monument, which still pulses with latent power.
Frilled Sea Serpent①"Reel it in. No, wait! Throw it back!"↵-Gertrude, deep-sea angler
Frillscare Mentor①Fortune favors the ferocious.
Frog Tongue①"But *why* can't I get one?" sniveled Squee. "All da bugs here got wings."
Frogify①That gnat was still hovering by the venison, and now both looked delicious.
Frogmite①At first, vedalken observers thought blinkmoths naturally avoided certain places. Then they realized those places were frogmite feeding grounds.
Frogtosser Banneret①The Frogtossers thread feathers, bones, and trophies from past raids into their standards, believing they fuel the warren with the anger of its victims.
Frondland Felidar①"Fear not the behemoth heard from miles away. Fear the stalking felidar, which reveals itself only for the kill."↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Frontier Bivouac①"The most powerful dreams visit those who shelter in a dragon's skull."↵-Chianul, Who Whispers Twice
Frontier Bivouac①Disillusioned with the Imperium, the population of Chancer's Vale turned to other, hungrier powers for meaning.
Frontier Guide①"The elders say Zendikar has no safe, peaceful places. How would they know? They've never looked."
Frontier Mastodon①Each bronze disk on its harness is an offering from a young Temur hunter, a sign of respect to the spirits of the wild.
Frontier Warmonger①She cares little for leaders or loyalties, so long as the battle rages on.
Frontline Devastator①The God-Pharaoh's benevolence concealed the factory he created to produce an army of Eternals.
Frontline Rebel①"Will you be strong and stand with me?"
Frontline Sage①The battle was won in the commander's head before the first weapon was drawn.
Frost Augur①From the barest crack in the ice, she teases forth a swirling, living map of the Cosmos.
Frost Bite①"Don't wander far-it's a bit nippy out there!"↵-Leidurr, expedition leader
Frost Breath①"I'll make ice chimes of your bones."
Frost Breath①If you have to be stuck somewhere for a while, it's better to be stuck there with a friend.
Frost Giant①The Frost Giants have been out in the cold a long, long time, but they have their rage to keep them warm.
Frost Giant①The frost giants have been out in the cold a long, long time, but they have their rage to keep them warm.
Frost Lynx①If you feel a strange chill within the temperate Quartzwood, look up.
Frost Lynx①It readily attacks much larger prey, knowing retaliation is impossible.
Frost Marsh①"Now caged in Winter's bitter chill, Our people cry, their voices shrill- Eternal cold breaks down their will."↵-*The Dynasty of Winter Kings*
Frost Ogre①Mountain ogres allowed blizzards to sheathe them in ice, both to reinforce their armor and to hide their pungent musk from potential prey.
Frost Raptor①The Rimewind wizards strove to perpetuate a magical winter. Their unnatural snows birthed unnatural beasts.
Frost Trickster①The most important skill in a Mage Tower match is keeping one's cool.
Frost Walker①"As the clans carved out their territories, we saw allies where the Mardu saw only obstacles."↵-Yasova Dragonclaw
Frostboil Snarl①A smoldering storm of chilling fire.
Frostburn Weird①Many chemisters are oblivious to the innumerable machinations of their guild, instead focusing obsessively on creating the perfect weird.
Frostling①Its bite will take off more than a toe.
Frostpeak Yeti①Some heroes line their coats with yeti fur. More yetis line their bellies with heroes.
Frostveil Ambush①Hunters' methods vary from simple and brutal to elaborate and brutal.
Frostwalla①Glare from the snows in the boreal expanse hides its true size.
Frostweb Spider①Its white webs glitter, mimicking the frost on the tree's branches.
Frostwind Invoker①"We thought Zendikar's rage was kindled by its explorers and plunderers. But the world had sensed the stirrings of the Eldrazi."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Frozen Aether①Gjornersen entertained his followers by taking bets on which would move first-the drowsing land wurm or the frozen goblins.
Frozen Shade①"There are some qualities, some incorporate things, / That have a double life, which thus is made / A type of twin entity which springs / From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "Silence"
Frozen Shade①"There are some qualities-some incorporate things,/ That have a double life, which thus is made/ A type of twin entity which springs/ From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade." -Edgar Allan Poe, "Silence"
Frozen Shade①"There are some qualities-some incorporate things,/ That have a double life, which thus is made/ A type of twin entity which springs/ From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "Silence"
Frozen Shade①"There are some qualities-some incorporate things,↵That have a double life, which thus is made↵A type of that twin entity which springs↵From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "Silence"
Frozen Solid①"Guard, fetch me a mallet."↵-Heidar, Rimewind master
Fruit of Tizerus①One spiny tree with bitter fruit grows in the realm of Tizerus, outside the palace of Erebos.
Fruit of the First Tree①"I will be the ancestor my descendants call upon for aid. On that day I will take up my sword for my family once more."
Fruitcake Elemental①Experiments intended to create the perfect holiday emissary resulted in a substance harder than darksteel and a fraction as merry.
Fruition①Come to these woods and suffer no pain; you've burdens to lose and new life to gain.
Fry①"I'm afraid your dinner got a little . . . overcooked."↵-Marlan Farthwald, innkeeper
Fuel for the Cause①"Your ideas will be discarded and your will repurposed."
Fugitive Druid①"If the druids are so devoted to their trees, I will carve them coffins from their precious heartwood."↵-Volrath
Fugitive Wizard①"The law has its place-as a footnote in my spellbook."↵-Siyani, fugitive mage
Fugitive Wizard①Many wizards came to the Riptide Project hoping to return home with answers. Most, however, wouldn't return home at all.
Fugitive Wizard①The College of Lat-Nam is often forced to expel students whose experiments grow too risky or too cruel.
Fugue①"It's hard to keep our own troops from fleeing when he's like this. How can our foes possibly stand against him?"↵-Field marshal for the Eastern Paladin
Fugue①"My ship . . . ," Sisay mumbled. "Intact," Gerrard reassured her, "which is more than I can say for you, my friend." Sisay laughed despite the pain.
Fulgent Distraction①"Channeling the white-hot power of all five suns creates a pretty good diversion."↵-Yavash of the Accorders
Full Flowering①A swirl of light, a whisper through the leaves, and all at once the forest came to life.
Full Moon's Rise①Some lycanthropes wish they could abandon their weak human shapes and revel in the power of the wolf.
Fully Grown①"One day I woke up and knew I had nothing left to teach her. So now I ride on her shoulders and follow where she leads."↵-Gustin, wildbonder
Fulminator Mage①"Burn, suffer, and trouble me no more."
Fulminator Mage①"Unsafe Terrain Ahead-Turn Back"↵-Sign near the former location of Pyrtagh Cairn
Fumarole①"Too many of us have died in the explosions that wrack these hills."↵-Klazina Jansdotter, Leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Fumarole①"Too many of us have died in the explosions that wrack these hills."↵-Klazina Jansdotter, leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Fumble①A moment of distraction, a lifetime of regret.
Fume Spitter①"Our archers made sport of it as it fumbled its way up the slag ridge. As it collapsed we thought ourselves safe, but the foul thing carried more than necrogen."↵-Adaran, Tangle hunter
Fumigate①"Ghirapur's gremlin population poses a threat to the infrastructure of the fairgrounds. Threats must be eliminated."↵-Sram, senior edificer
Fuming Effigy①Some spirits share ancient wisdom. Others just get mad you touched their stuff.
Funeral Longboat①"Cast onto the windless water, he drifted until the sea turned to sky."↵-*Saga of the Lost King*
Funeral March①"This party is such fun-but it's a shame to mourn just one."↵-Irini Sengir
Funeral March①"Turn the key deftly in the oiled wards, And seal the hushed casket of my soul."↵-John Keats, "To Sleep"
Funeral Pyre①"Raze the body. Raise the soul."↵-Mystic elder
Funeral Rites①Funerary masks help the newly dead resist the erosion of memory and identity in the Underworld.
Fungal Bloom①"Thallids could absorb energy from the forest itself. Even Elves were at a disadvantage in fighting them."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Fungal Bloom①"Thallids could absorb energy from the forest itself. Even elves were at a disadvantage in fighting them."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Fungal Infection①To thallids, the whole world is just a pile of mulch to grow saprolings in.
Fungal Plots①Thallids nurture saprolings, entertain them, and eat them.
Fungal Rebirth①"We're all food for something in the end."↵-Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Fungal Sprouting①"Saprolings need only a host to feed upon. Numbers will take care of the rest."↵-Ghave, Guru of Spores
Fungus Elemental①I rot growth and grow rot. What am I?↵-Elvish riddle
Fungus Sliver①"When a sliver of this breed enters the hive, the others claw each other in frenzied fits, thereby ensuring their rapid growth."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Fungusaur①Rather than sheltering her young, the female Fungusaur often injures her own offspring, thereby ensuring their rapid growth.
Fungusaur①Rather than sheltering her young, the female fungusaur often injures her own offspring, thereby ensuring their rapid growth.
Funnel-Web Recluse①It thrives on a steady diet of hastily disposed-of evidence.
Furious Assault①"Does it burn, Saprazzan? Do you wish you had never raised arms against us?"↵-Kyren overseer
Furious Bellow①Minotaurs sometimes pretend to be lost in a battle rage, leading their opponents to underestimate their cleverness.
Furious Reprisal①"Now that's the Chandra I've been waiting to see."↵-Liliana Vess
Furious Resistance①"At least the Gateless rebels have ideals. Rakdos just mocks, defiles, and kills all we hold dear."↵-Libuse, Boros sergeant
Furious Rise①Klothys set out to mend the destiny of Theros, her fury guiding every stitch.
Furnace Brood①Furnace air crackles with magmatic cackles.
Furnace Celebration①Nothing impresses goblins more than something that's bound to kill them.
Furnace Celebration①Reduce. Reuse. Wreak havoc.
Furnace Scamp①Born of the core, and dying to stoke it.
Furnace Spirit①If it can survive the Furnace, you don't want it near you.
Furnace Whelp①Baby dragons can't figure out humans-if they didn't want to be killed, why were they made of meat and treasure?
Furnace of Rath①The furnace awaits the next master who would stoke the fires of apocalypse.
Furor of the Bitten①Those who only believe themselves infected with lycanthropy can be as dangerous as those who really are.
Furtive Homunculus①"In terms of intelligence, homunculi are somewhere between humans and skaabs-clever enough to follow more complex orders, but dim enough to not question them."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Fury Sliver①"A rift opened, and our arrows were abruptly stilled. To move was to push the world. But the sliver's claw still twitched, red wounds appeared in Thed's chest, and ribbons of blood hung in the air."↵-Adom Capashen, Benalish hero
Furyblade Vampire①"Writhe all you want, filth. It will do you no good."
Furyborn Hellkite①"Careful. A drop of blood here means death for us all."↵-Kalek, mountain guide
Furycalm Snarl①A seething locus of reverent rage.
Fusion Elemental①As the shards merged into the Maelstrom, their mana energies fused into new monstrosities.
Future Sight①"Is the inevitable any less miraculous?"↵-Veldka, wandering sage
Future Sight①"My past holds only pain and loss. I will conquer it by creating the perfect future."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Futurist Operative①"The Imperials can't arrest you for illegal tech if you never even existed."
Futurist Sentinel①"I folded a model in paper first to test the relative tensile strength of the plates."↵-Katsumasa, the Animator
Fyndhorn Bow①"With a bow like this, the hunting is always good."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Fyndhorn Brownie①"I've been insulted by drunks in a hundred inns, but never as skillfully or annoyingly as by those blasted Brownies."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Fyndhorn Brownie①"I've been insulted by drunks in a hundred inns, but never as skillfully or annoyingly as by those blasted brownies."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Fyndhorn Druid①"All struggles ultimately require sacrifice. It's just that some sacrifices are dearer than others."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Fyndhorn Druid①"Honor those who honor Fyndhorn above themselves."↵-Kolbjorn, High Honored Druid
Fyndhorn Elder①"Do we know what we're doing? Yes-the will of Freyalise."↵-Laina of the Elvish Council
Fyndhorn Elder①"It is useful to be able to speak to the trees. But it is truly wondrous to be able to listen to them."
Fyndhorn Elves①"Living side by side with the Elves for so long leaves me with no doubt that we serve the same goddess."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Fyndhorn Elves①"Living side by side with the elves for so long leaves me with no doubt that we serve the same goddess."↵-Kolbjorn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Fyndhorn Elves①"We could no more abandon the forest than the stars could abandon the night sky."
Fyndhorn Pollen①"I breathed deeply, and suddenly I knew not who or where I was."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Fyndhorn Pollen①"I breathed deeply, and suddenly I knew not who or where I was."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Fynn, the Fangbearer①"Come, Koma, and reclaim what you lost! Or does the great serpent fear a rematch?"
Gaddock Teeg①So great are his wisdom and spirit that many who have met him say that they stood before a giant of a man and talked to the wisest of the four winds.
Gaddock Teeg①So great is his wisdom and spirit that many who have met him say that they stood before a giant of a man and talked to the wisest of the four winds.
Gadwick, the Wizened①His name is spoken only in whispers-but he hears just the same.
Gaea's Anthem①"To those who can hear it, Gaea's battle song brings power as swift as sunlight and as enduring as the deep roots of the forest."↵-Gamelen, Citanul elder
Gaea's Avenger①After the destruction of Argoth, Gaea was willing to instill a portion of her own powers into some of her more vengeful followers.
Gaea's Bounty①The forest grew back so quickly that lumbering machines were suspended in the treetops.
Gaea's Cradle①"Here sprouted the first seedling of Argoth. Here the last tree will fall."↵-Gamelen, Citanul elder
Gaea's Cradle①2014 Legacy Championship Winner
Gaea's Embrace①The forest rose to the battle, not to save the people but to save itself.
Gaea's Embrace①The forest rose to the battle, not to save the people, but to save itself.
Gaea's Herald①"Gaea sings with the voice of nature rampant: a thousand howls, chitters, and cries, and none of them can be ignored."
Gaea's Herald①"I bring word from Gaea. Fight on! She will never allow her children to die alone."
Gaea's Herald①The elves' battle cries cut paths through the Æther, guiding those who would stand in Gaea's defense.
Gaea's Might①"Why fight over the lumber in a tree's trunk when its branches have room for all?"↵-Multani
Gaea's Might①With the Heart of Yavimaya aiding him, Multani didn't even strain at the load.
Gaea's Protector①Fallen Phyrexians were transmuted into elementals by Gaea long ago, but Yavimaya's other inhabitants still regard them with unease.
Gaea's Skyfolk①The grace of the forest and the spirit of the sea.
Gaea's Will①With every end, a new beginning.
Gahiji, Honored One①He can stir the gentlest spirit to wild ferocity.
Gainsay①"I'd be happy to stop contradicting you, Urza, just as soon as you start being right."↵-Bo Levar, planeswalker
Gainsay①"You dryfolk must take the air for granted. You constantly insist on wasting it."↵-Kenessos, priest of Thassa
Gale Force①Everything the kami had done, they did with more force. Gentle breezes became typhoons, rolling rivers turned to crushing rapids, and gentle growth became overnight masses of thorns and vines.
Gale Swooper①"Be glad the griffin set you back on your feet when it was done with you. My goat wasn't so lucky."↵-Arram, goatherd
Galecaster Colossus①Ground bones, broken glass, and splintered shipwrecks make up the sands of his shores.
Galedrifter①"If you're lost in a storm, follow a gryff. They always know which way calmer waters lie."↵-Geor, Havengul fisher
Galerider Sliver①Masters of adaptation, galeriders serve multiple purposes useful to the hive. When they're not patrolling their territories, their majestic wings serve to circulate cool air through the vast hive chambers.
Galestrike①Strong wings make strong winds.
Galina's Knight①"Are they on our side?" asked Sisay. "If they kill Phyrexians they are," replied Gerrard.
Gallant Cavalry①"Our duty does not stop at our borders."
Gallantry①"Forgive me," Mirri whispered. "I thought you a burden, and you saved my life." Hanna quietly accepted the apology.
Gallantry①The courageous accomplish more in a single moment than the cowardly do in a lifetime.
Gallia of the Endless Dance①"There's no success like excess!"
Galloping Lizrog①"I might have overfed him."↵-Gulistan, Simic biomancer
Gallowbraid①"If its skin looks like stone, it is only to match its heart."↵-Crovax
Gallows Warden①The spirit cares nothing for the crimes or triumphs of the slain. It shelters all beneath its stormy cloak.
Galvanic Blast①Mirrodin has little weather, but it certainly has lightning.
Galvanic Bombardment①Geist-powered devices have no shortage of fuel.
Galvanic Iteration①Better potent than predictable.
Galvanic Key①A solution in search of a problem.
Galvanic Relay①Abandoned years ago, the experiment continues to iterate upon itself.
Galvanoth①It chews open Mirrodin's husk and feeds on the outpouring of energy.
Gamble①"STUFF AND SUNDRIES AND MUNITIONS!"↵-Breeches, gunner of the *Belligerent*
Gamble①"What's the worst that can happen?"
Gamble①As she triggered yet another trap, Chira realized that what she thought was the goblin word for "easy" probably wasn't.
Gamble①When you've got nothing, you might as well trade it for something else.
Game Plan①Plan for victory, or prepare for defeat.
Game Trail①"It appears Old One Eye is on the hunt."↵-Marneus Calgar
Game-Trail Changeling①"I pity them, never knowing the pleasures of a single familiar form, but at least they find a noble shape at times."↵-Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Gang Up①"Well, who do we have here, Gorm?"↵"No one, Virtus. No one at all."
Gang of Devils①"Well, how could I know they'd explode?"↵-Gregel, township militia
Gang of Elk①"I felt the ground shake, so I hid in my tent until the earthquake passed. It passed all right, and it left hoofprints."↵-Femeref explorer
Gang of Elk①The elk is Gaea's favorite, who wears the forest on its brow.
Gangrenous Goliath①Cabal clerics don't heal the sick-they heal the dead.
Garenbrig Carver①Countless knights of Garenbrig owe their lives to his peerless craftsmanship.
Garenbrig Squire①"Find him a weapon as big as his dreams."↵-Yorvo, lord of Garenbrig
Gargadon①Intent: Magic has made a Grater Gargadon and a Lesser Gargadon (see ref). We want you to design the "average" Gargadon.
Gargoyle Castle①Most knew of the tower's wizard and gargoyle. Few realized which was guardian and which was master.
Gargoyle Flock①They dive screaming on defensive lines, sowing chaos before the main assault begins.
Gargoyle Sentinel①"Do not mistake a quiet rampart for one that is unguarded. Some things stir only when they need to."↵-Bonovar, siege commander
Gargoyle Sentinel①The beating of a gargoyle's wings on the air is like the cracking of stones. Intruders who rouse a gargoyle are certain to hear the cracking of bones.
Garna, Bloodfist of Keld①"Let's see who gets more kills, Radha."
Garrison Cat①After much arguing, the soldiers decided to keep it, on the grounds that it killed enough mice to count as an honorary monster slayer.
Garrison Griffin①The keen-eyed guardians of Ardenvale are ever on alert.
Garrison Sergeant①In the Legion, no flagpole is merely decorative, and every ceremonial sword bears an edge.
Garruk's Gorehorn①"It certainly takes after its master: big and brutish, and you can smell it from a mile away."↵-Liliana Vess
Garruk's Packleader①"He has learned much in his long years. And unlike selfish humans, he's willing to share."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Garrulous Sycophant①"Marchesa's poison is delivered by more than daggers."↵-Adriana, Captain of the Guard
Garth One-Eye①A humble appearance belies a master's skill.
Garth One-Eye①Mood: A powerful, quirky, curious man.
Gaseous Form①". . . [A]nd gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name."↵-William Shakespeare, *A Midsummer-Night's Dream*
Gaseous Form①". . . [A]nd gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*A Midsummer-Night's Dream*
Gaseous Form①". . . [A]nd gives to airy nothing/ A local habitation and a name."↵-William Shakespeare, *A Midsummer-Night's Dream*
Gaseous Form①"It's hard to hurt anyone when you're as transparent as your motives."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Gate Hound①"Ditri, I leave this checkpoint in your capable teeth."↵-Kitov, nightguard patrol
Gate to Phyrexia①"The warm rain of grease on my face immediately made it clear I had entered Phyrexia." -Jarsyl, *Diary*
Gate to Phyrexia①"The warm rain of grease on my face immediately made it clear I had entered Phyrexia."↵-Jarsyl, Diary
Gatebreaker Ram①So-called "battering rams" pale in comparison to the real thing.
Gatecreeper Vine①Every inch of Ravnica is home to something.
Gatekeeper Gargoyle①Each night it visits a different guildgate around the city, digging its talons into fresh stone.
Gatekeeper of Malakir①"You may enter the city-once the toll is paid."
Gates Ablaze①When the Izzet's spirit of invention extends to the city's infrastructure, the results are sometimes explosive.
Gateway Plaza①Guild leaders focused their magic on the portal scar. Where the Chamber perished, a parun could be reborn.
Gateway Plaza①The Chamber of the Guildpact has fallen silent, its bright promise broken.
Gateway Plaza①The Chamber of the Guildpact stands as a reminder that even the bitterest struggles can end in cooperation.
Gateway Shade①Tireless and merciless, shades are harnessed as spies by the Dimir.
Gateway Sneak①"I've been through every guildgate in this city, and no one sees me come or go."
Gather Specimens①"It's free to do whatever it wants. I've merely told it what that is."↵-Xorin, Architect of Will
Gather the Townsfolk①In the memories of those they lost lies the strength needed to defend their city.
Gatherer of Graces①"Garb is for common folk. I prefer to wear insight and zeal, ambition and flame."
Gathering Throng①A plus-one is simply not enough.
Gatstaf Arsonists①The glow in their eyes reveals more than anger or madness.
Gatstaf Shepherd①"What is worse than a wolf in sheep's clothing?"↵-Wolfhunter's riddle
Gavi, Nest Warden①A mother's love transcends species.
Gavony Ironwright①"I wish my work could shelter everyone, yet I pray we are never so few that it does."
Gavony Silversmith①More than heat and the strength of his arm, it was his faith that gave the blade its unyielding edge.
Gavony Township①"The protective wards of the church have weakened, and no one can tell us why. It's time to look to our own defenses."↵-Gregel, militia leader
Gavony Trapper①The elite cathars of the Parish-Blades train in all manner of techniques designed to delay and frustrate the beasts that hunt the crossways.
Gavony Unhallowed①"We entered the church in search of solace, but it became clear we wouldn't find it there."↵-Grete, Order of Saint Traft
Gaze of Adamaro①Wherever it looked, it saw destruction-the wake of its own gaze.
Gaze of Granite①"Show yourself, thief."
Gaze of Granite①Golgari reclaimers resent the gorgons, begrudging the loss of so many fine nutrients locked away in stone.
Gaze of Pain①Remove the guardians to ensure your victory.
Gaze of the Gorgon①Even the dead give way to the mineral gaze of the gorgon.
Gearseeker Serpent①Its collection is vast, yet each ship has a special place in its heart.
Gearshift Ace①Some display their trophies at the Hall of Mechanists. Others display their talent in the streets of Ghirapur.
Gearsmith Guardian①Made in its creator's image, though slightly more clangy.
Gearsmith Prodigy①Young artificers on Kaladesh let their imaginations run wild.
Geier Reach Bandit①The cathars realized they had not tracked her-she had led them here.
Geier Reach Sanitarium①All are welcome.
Geist Snatch①Angels and demons aren't the only ones listening to your prayers.
Geist of the Archives①After reading the final words, it turns back to the first page and begins again.
Geist of the Lonely Vigil①The flicker of candlelight and the echo of hymns told the villagers that the monastery wasn't truly abandoned.
Geist of the Moors①"The battle is won. There's work to be done. / The Blessed Sleep must wait. / A fiend is about. It stalks the devout. / I'll save them from my fate."↵-"The Good Geist's Vow"
Geist-Fueled Scarecrow①"It'll keep the crows away. Works on neighbors too."↵-Old Rutstein
Geistcatcher's Rig①The rigs were outlawed except in Nephalia, where malign spirits are as plentiful as crazed inventors.
Geistflame①Innistrad pyromancers find their best raw materials in the fury of the dead.
Geistlight Snare①Tamil had always wanted a closer look at a geist's lantern. Now he had an eternity to study one.
Geistwave①Necro-alchemists gained popular support during the Travails, when geist-fueled weapons helped defend towns against mad cultists and Eldrazi monstrosities.
Gelatinous Genesis①Even as the world was left cracked and gory by the marauding Eldrazi, new life began to drip from its wounds.
Gelectrode①"Diametrically opposing energies in self-sealed plasmodermic bubbles make great pets!"↵-Trivaz, Izzet mage
Gemhide Sliver①"The land is weary. Even Skyshroud is depleted. We must find another source of mana-one that is growing despite our withering world."↵-Freyalise
Gemstone Array①Outside, it reflects the suns' light. Inside, it harvests the suns' power.
General Ferrous Rokiric①"The Boros Legion always stands for justice, but it never stands alone."
General Ferrous Rokiric①Apearance: A skilled military commander, Ferrous is a new character for you to design.
General Marhault Elsdragon①Driven by rage, directed by his emperor's claw.
General's Enforcer①More stubborn than Drannith's walls.
General's Regalia①A uniform fit for a goblin.
Generator Servant①Infinite potential given finite form.
Generous Gift①Alas, the meowtropolis was struck by a devastating catastrophe, leaving the ground littered with debris.
Generous Gift①The best presents are impossible to regift.
Generous Soul①As long as evil threatens his town, the Blessed Sleep can wait.
Generous Stray①Cats place their gifts with care, so that a bare foot will step on them in the middle of the night.
Generous Visitor①It is said that one must modestly refuse a gift three times before accepting it to show humility before the kami.
Genesis Chamber①"As the experimental population grows, so do the number of myr. It's a perfect equilibrium."↵-Memnarch
Genesis Hydra①Designed by George Fan
Genesis Ultimatum①No human eyes have ever witnessed the birth of an apex monster.
Genesis①"First through the Riftstone was Genesis-and the world was lifeless no more."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Genesis①"First through the Riftstone was Genesis-and the world was lifeless no more."↵-Scroll of Beginnings
Genesis①Not dryad, centaur, or avatar but life itself.
Genestealer Locus①Harrowing visions, paralyzing pain, and terrifying brain spasms await those who challenge the cult.
Geode Rager①Its crystalline core refracts light into chaos.
Geomancer's Gambit①Telepathy changes minds, necromancy changes lives, but geomancy changes the world.
Geosurge①"The mountains have been corrupted. Otherwise, they would not lend me their fire so easily."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Geothermal Bog①There are still a few places where the natural dangers outweigh even those posed by Phyrexian sleeper agents.
Geothermal Kami①A mysterious kami will sometimes appear to overworked monks and offer them a warm, relaxing bath.
Geralf's Messenger①The message is "Run."
Geralf, Visionary Stitcher①"Do you like it, Sister? Its dreadful visage was inspired by your own."
Gerrard's Battle Cry①Gerrard grinned and drew his sword. "This won't be a fair fight," he called to his crew. "They should have brought a second ship!"
Gerrard's Command①"Unless you like the idea of becoming some goblin's lunch, get up and move!"
Gerrard's Irregulars①Had Gerrard realized he'd end up fighting against them, he might not have trained them so well.
Gerrard's Verdict①A heart of light and a soul of darkness cannot coexist.
Gerrard's Wisdom①"Fighting without an army is called a duel, and you'll lose a duel if your enemy comes expecting a war."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Gerrard's Wisdom①"You'll lose a duel if your enemy comes expecting a war."
Gerrard's Wisdom①A picture is worth a thousand swords.
Gerrard, Weatherlight Hero①Gerrard's final act ensured his legacy would never die.
Gerrard①Soldier. Adventurer. Heir to the Legacy. Gerrard has, over the years, traveled much of Dominaria in search of fortune and glory. Now, after serving nobly in the Benalish army, he has returned to the *Weatherlight* to serve as captain in Sisay's absence and to take up the battle against the Lord of the Wastes.
Get a Life①Gimme five! (Or whatever you got.)
Get the Point①"Vraska sees the grandeur in death but misses the hilarity."↵-Judith
Getaway Car①For those who need to make a quick departure without attracting undue attention.
Geth's Grimoire①The book shrieks horribly until its cover is opened, granting the spirit inside a moment's rest from the painful stirrings of the book's contents.
Geth's Verdict①"Everyone should owe you something."↵-Geth, Lord of the Vault
Geyser Glider①"Quit pontificating, mage. The last thing we want to do is give it more hot air."↵-Tala Vertan, Makindi shieldmate
Ghalma's Warden①A special unit guards the loxodon artificer known as Ghalma the Shaper. They are armed and armored in her finest works of silver and steel.
Ghalta, Primal Hunger①The earth walks, strongest of all.
Ghastbark Twins①They grow closer with every passing season.
Ghastlord of Fugue①"He is a ghost that has never known life."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Ghastly Demise①"Anyone can snap her fingers and yank a soul. I prefer to kill creatively."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Ghastly Discovery①Korrigans, spirits bound to sources of water, shriek when they come upon their own drowned corpses.
Ghastly Gloomhunter①Stinking, silent death.
Ghastly Haunting①The body often twists and flails spasmodically as the spirit explores its new home.
Ghazban Ogre①"We were holding our own-until the ogre guiding us suddenly grinned and turned on our commander."↵-Ivra Jursdotter, Sarpadian mercenary
Ghen, Arcanum Weaver①"Any apprentice with a spellbook and two sticks can churn out a fireball. This is different. This is art."
Ghirapur Aether Grid①The city of Ghirapur is a living thing, and living things defend themselves.
Ghirapur Gearcrafter①The metal must be pure. The hand must be steady. The product must be perfect.
Ghirapur Guide①Fairgoers were delighted to find that even outside the fairgrounds, Ghirapur was a city of wonders.
Ghirapur Orrery①This detailed model allows the edificers to examine the city from every angle.
Ghirapur Osprey①Many airship captains keep pets that share their love of the sky.
Ghired's Belligerence①"Harmony is no longer an option."↵-Ghired, Conclave exile
Ghitu Chronicler①"What fire forged, fire remembers."
Ghitu Fire-Eater①"They are called 'Mi'uto,' which means 'one use.'"↵-Jhoira, artificer
Ghitu Fire-Eater①The Ghitu believe their race was born of fire, and it's an honor to return to it.
Ghitu Journeymage①The Ghitu of Shiv are as fierce and uncompromising as their volcanic home.
Ghitu Lavarunner①Tolarians teach the theory of pyromancy. The Ghitu prefer applied research.
Ghitu Slinger①If you survive a slinger attack, the slinger wished you to live.
Ghitu War Cry①The war cry is not simply a shout but a sacrament.
Ghor-Clan Bloodscale①At mealtimes, the Gruul customarily omit such niceties as using forks or killing the entree.
Ghor-Clan Rampager①"The Simic come from the cold slow depths. How could they understand the fire in a wild heart?"↵-Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Ghor-Clan Savage①The snap of sinew. The crunch of bone. A cry for mercy. These are the music of the Gruul.
Ghor-Clan Wrecker①"Today the Rubblebelt is a bit larger. That's a good day's work."
Ghost Quarter①Deserted, but not uninhabited.
Ghost Quarter①Upon scattering her grandmother's ashes, the Envoy was bathed in a warm spectral glow.
Ghost Quarter①Where wasted life cries out to be reborn.
Ghost Ship①"That phantom prow split the storm as lightning cast its long shadow on the battlefield below." -Mireille Gaetane, *The Valeriad*
Ghost Ship①"That phantom prow split the storm as lightning cast its long shadow on the battlefield below."↵-Mireille Gaetane, *The Valeriad*
Ghost Ship①Going down with the ship is just the beginning.
Ghost Tactician①Its ethereal hand confers a lifetime of experience with combat and steel.
Ghost Town①"The air here smells like a grave."↵-Crovax
Ghost Warden①"I thought of fate as an iron lattice, intricate but rigidly unchangeable. That was until some force bent fate's bars to spare my life."↵-Ilromov, traveling storyteller
Ghostfire Blade①If you fear the dragon's fire, you are unworthy to wield it.
Ghostfire①Only those gifted with the eye of Ugin, the spirit dragon, can see his fiery breath.
Ghostflame Sliver①"This breed is on the cusp of evolution. It burns away the markings that connect it to a queen that no longer heeds its call. It seeks a new master. Perhaps I can give it one."↵-Freyalise
Ghostform①"Picking locks is for beginners."
Ghostform①"There's no such thing as 'impenetrable.'"
Ghostly Changeling①In desolate places, changelings may take the shape of fancies, or memories, or fears.
Ghostly Flame①"Walk slowly when in the nether world, and seek that which calls."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Ghostly Flicker①Sometimes it's useful to take a break from existence.
Ghostly Prison①"May the memory of our fallen heroes ensnare the violent hearts of lesser men."↵-Great Threshold of Monserkat inscription
Ghostly Prison①Destroyed in one of the first battles of the Kami War, the town of Reito still grieved.
Ghostly Prison①Though the spirits' bodies were ethereal, Agnur soon learned that their blades were quite solid-and razor-sharp.
Ghostly Sentinel①Mystics of the Stone Havens call upon the spirits of fallen heroes to defend the refuges.
Ghostly Touch①"Geists wish to make themselves known. I'm merely the vessel for their efforts."
Ghostly Visit①Cao Cao was haunted to death by the ghosts of the empresses and other high courtiers he had murdered.
Ghosts of the Damned①The voices of the dead ring in the heart long after they have faded from the ears.
Ghosts of the Innocent①"Ma said we should offer up blini-cakes and salt to the good ones, but I get that chill up my spine and just shut the door."↵-Otak, Tin Street shopkeep
Ghostway①"I watched its blade swing through me, but I was hollow, empty. I saw its face contort in rage but could not hear it snarl."↵-Klattic, Boros legionnaire
Ghoul's Feast①Mercadians not wealthy enough to buy a tomb are thrown into a bog called "the Ghoul's Larder."
Ghoulcaller Gisa①"Come now, dear brother. If you wanted rules, you should have called it a _game_, not a _war_."↵-Gisa, to Geralf
Ghoulcaller Gisa①"Geralf, must you always whine? I agreed to nothing. I'll raise ghouls anytime I wish."
Ghoulcaller's Accomplice①"Once in the box, we're all the same."
Ghoulcaller's Bell①The bell's chime heralds the rise of the unhallowed from the grave and the fall of their victims into the earth.
Ghoulcaller's Chant①"The living are born small and weak. The dead rise ready to serve. The choice is obvious."↵-Gisa, ghoulcaller of Gavony
Ghoulflesh①The body dies in stages. First the skin, then the muscle. The brain is last, much to the victim's dismay.
Ghoulish Procession①It was a family reunion to die for.
Ghoulraiser①"Come. Bring your brothers. Tonight, you feast on living flesh."↵-Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Ghoulsteed①It once served a cathar roadwatcher, patrolling the crossways between villages. Its hooves still carry it along the same path.
Ghoultree①It uproots entire fengrafs to add to its twisted frame.
Giada, Font of Hope①The source of the Cabaretti's Halo turned out to be a single teenage girl.
Giant Adephage①"To a creature like that, we must seem like, well, bugs."↵-Dars Gostok, Firefist captain
Giant Ambush Beetle①It waits with absolute stillness. One might think it a statue if it weren't occasionally seen chewing on its victims.
Giant Badger①Disturb a sleeping badger and the snapping of your bones will awaken the countryside.
Giant Badger①The wizard Greensleeves called a Giant Badger to her aid in an battle with the desert mage Karli.
Giant Caterpillar①"'I've seen hornworms big as a man's fist,' the traveler said, and nodded soberly when our jaws went slack at his ignorance."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Giant Cockroach①If the sun ever hit the swamp, where would these scurry to?
Giant Cockroach①Toren had stepped on a lot of bugs during his life, so he couldn't help feeling embarrassed when a bug stepped on him.
Giant Crab①During the giant crabs' mating season, Skyshroud nights are filled with the clatter of their skirmishes.
Giant Fan①Only a villain would unleash a giant fan on anyone!
Giant Growth①"Here in Fyndhorn, the goddess Freyalise is generous to her children."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Giant Growth①"Here in Fyndhorn, the goddess Freyalise is generous to her children."↵-Kolbjorn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Giant Growth①"Only the most effective tactics stand the test of time."↵-Gamelen, Citanul elder
Giant Growth①"Sometimes Mowu is content to gnaw on a bone. Sometimes he wants the whole skeleton."↵-Jiang Yanggu
Giant Growth①"The prohibition of unnecessary tossing of the citizenry by giants shall also extend to spontaneous giants."↵-Isperia's Edict, provision VII.789.2
Giant Killer①"What size advantage? They never even see me coming."
Giant Mantis①"I always thought the great insects of Tazeem were frightening until I saw the Eldrazi. Now I welcome the sight of mantises perched in the treetops."↵-Ryza, Oran-Rief scout
Giant Mantis①"I hate insects of every sort. The only mercy is that they are generally small."↵-Mwani, Mtenda goatherd
Giant Octopus①"Before my eyes was a horrible monster, worthy to figure in the legends of the marvellous. . . . Its eight arms, or rather feet, fixed to its head . . . were twice as long as its body, and were twisted like the furies' hair."↵-*Jules Verne, Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea*, trans. Lewis
Giant Octopus①"Before my eyes was a horrible monster, worthy to figure in the legends of the marvellous. . . . Its eight arms, or rather feet, fixed to its head . . . were twice as long as its body, and were twisted like the furies' hair."↵-Jules Verne, *Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea*, trans. Lewis
Giant Octopus①At the sight of the thing the calamari vendor's eyes went wide, but from fear or avarice none could tell.
Giant Octopus①The only thing that flows faster than water is fear.
Giant Opportunity①They look tasty, but best to plant them.
Giant Ox①"How strong is he? Well, I once lost control of the plow, and he carved a furrow right through my house! Didn't even slow down."↵-Guldir, Beskir farmer
Giant Scorpion①Its sting hurts, but death is strangely painless.
Giant Solifuge①"If you'd ever met one, you wouldn't ask me to justify the extra provisions for additional security."↵-Lorref, caravan master
Giant Solifuge①"We respect all lifeforms, but this one we respect from a distance."↵-Mandor, Selesnya ranger
Giant Spectacle①The giant-decorating contest at the migration festival is a tradition that may have started as a dare.
Giant Spider①"After everything I've survived, it's hard to be frightened by anything anymore."↵-Vivien Reid
Giant Spider①"It has a quickness about it that seems unnatural for its large size, yet its hunger is about right."↵-Endril, Kalonian naturalist
Giant Spider①"The wild is always changing, but it does have a few constants."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Giant Spider①"When I trained under Multani, he bade me sit for hours watching Yavimaya's spiders. From them I learned stealth, patience, and the best way to snare a wind drake."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Giant Spider①It's not far into the trap, as the crow flies.
Giant Spider①The Broken Lands are littered with the remnants of civilizations long dead and infested by terrors very much alive.
Giant Spider①The giant spider's silk naturally resists gravity, almost weaving itself as it blankets the forest canopy.
Giant Spider①The welcoming appearance of the Arrow Bamboo Forest masks its deathly hostility.
Giant Spider①Watching the spider's web↵-Llanowar expression meaning "focusing on the wrong thing"
Giant Spider①While it possesses potent venom, the Giant Spider often chooses not to paralyze its victims. Perhaps the creature enjoys the gentle rocking motion caused by its captives' struggles to escape its web.
Giant Spider①While it possesses potent venom, the giant spider often chooses not to paralyze its victims. Perhaps the creature enjoys the gentle rocking motion caused by its captives' struggles to escape its web.
Giant Strength①"Crovax seems filled only with shadows," thought Orim. "Where does his strength come from?"
Giant Strength①"O! it is excellent / To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous / To use it like a giant."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*Measure for Measure*
Giant Strength①"O! it is excellent/ To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous/ To use it like a giant." -William Shakespeare, *Measure for Measure*
Giant Strength①"O! it is excellent↵To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous↵To use it like a giant."↵-William Shakespeare, *Measure for Measure*
Giant Tortoise①In the coastal states of Jhess and Valeron, "tortoise" is a synonym for "stubborn."
Giant Trap Door Spider①"So large and so quiet-a combination best avoided."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Giant Turtle①"The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks/ Which practically conceal its sex./ I think it clever of the turtle/ In such a fix to be so fertile."↵-Ogden Nash, "The Turtle"
Giant Warthog①"When the Ancestor saw the cruelty her human children were capable of, Her fury shook the world. From this outburst sprang the warthogs."↵-Nomad myth
Giant's Grasp①"Behave and you'll be a fine pet. Bite me and you're ammunition."
Giant's Ire①The only feeling greater than hurling something a mile is crushing something else with it that was really, really irritating you.
Gibbering Barricade①"Who needs stone walls when you can hide behind an impenetrable barrier of screaming nightmares?"↵-Braids
Gibbering Hyenas①Hyenas laughing-what's the joke?↵-Femeref phrase meaning "that's not funny"
Gideon's Avenger①"The good don't sit and wait for the evil to act. They prepare to defend. They prepare to punish."
Gideon's Battle Cry①"Break their formation! Thin their ranks! I'm right behind you!"
Gideon's Company①"For the Legion! For Ravnica!"
Gideon's Defeat①"Gideon, how easy it must be to play the protector when you think yourself untouchable. How wrong you are."↵-Nicol Bolas
Gideon's Lawkeeper①"The essence of a lawful society is swift deterrence."
Gideon's Reproach①"Suddenly, Gideon was there with us, clearing the way so that we could escape."↵-*The War Diaries*
Gideon's Reproach①On Amonkhet, Gideon lost both his sural and his faith in himself. But he can still throw a punch, and he still knows a bad guy when he sees one.
Gideon's Sacrifice①To Liliana's surprise, the cost of betraying Bolas did not fall on her.
Gideon's Triumph①His triumph came not from victory over his enemies, but from the salvation of those who survived.
Gift of Estates①"We asked for a home and received the world."↵-*Scroll of Nine Blessings*
Gift of Fangs①"You are one of the few to whom we offer our blessing. What fool would reject immortality?"↵-Runo Stromkirk
Gift of Granite①The blessing adds both protection to the recipient and weightlessness to the stone.
Gift of Orzhova①"Remember by whose gift you ascend."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Gift of Strength①"What greater testament can there be to Rhonas's lessons?"
Gift of Strength①"When the sky screams, when the ground groans, the End-Raze will soon begin."↵-Nikya of the Old Ways
Gift of Strength①The Nessian Wood is never without defenders.
Gift of Tusks①It's an experience you'll never forget.
Gift of the Fae①No one is so lost that a faerie can't find them.
Gifted Aetherborn①A few aetherborn have discovered a way to sustain their own existences at the cost of an insatiable hunger for the life essence of other beings.
Gifts Given①"Thanks! You shouldn't have."
Gigantomancer①"All life is driven by an indomitable will to survive. I simply turn that into something more . . . tangible."
Gigantoplasm①"I appreciate things that exceed expectations."↵-Mizzix
Gigantosaurus①"Each tooth is the length of a horse, and new ones grow in every sixteen days. Let's get a closer look!"↵-Vivien Reid
Gilanra, Caller of Wirewood①"Something mighty stirs in the forest. Can't you feel it?"
Gilded Cerodon①The plating of its horns is a token of honor from Hazoret, who favors creatures with great hearts.
Gilded Drake①Buyer beware.
Gilded Light①"Whoever survives the first blow lives to land the second."
Gilded Light①Whoever survives the first blow lives to land the second.
Gilded Lotus①"The ancient Necron race has achieved this pinnacle of elegance through their relentless pursuit of utility."↵-Tech-Priest Darvin, executed for heresy 1256998.M41
Gilded Lotus①"The perfection of the lotus reminds me of my hopes for this world . . . and my failures. I will not rest until I've atoned for them."↵-Karn
Gilded Lotus①Over such beauty, wars are fought. With such power, wars are won.
Gilded Lotus①The mage entered into a contract with the golden flower. She could wield its considerable power, but all would be lost should a single petal fall.
Gilded Sentinel①The River Heralds fight to keep all others from reaching the golden city. The city has its own defenses.
Gilder Bairn①Do the glowing trinkets show it the way home, or do they set a twisted path for someone else to follow?
Gild①Merchants of the Underworld trade in coins of clay. Gold serves another purpose.
Gilt-Blade Prowler①"Let's just say my people are in the business of capital acquisition and intellectual property speculation."↵-Er-Miral
Gilt-Leaf Archdruid①"In our hands, the natural world finds more beauty than nature alone could ever provide."
Gilt-Leaf Palace①Dawn's Light, greatest palace of Gilt-Leaf Wood, is built on tiers of wood and power.
Gilt-Leaf Seer①Desmera blinded her seers so that her beauty would be the last image burned in their memories. The act only deepened their insight.
Giltgrove Stalker①"The only gold I need is the sheltering shimmer of the trees."
Giltspire Avenger①"To trespass so far from home is to ask for a lonesome grave."
Gimme Five①"Up high! To the side! Down low! To the left! Other left! Over here-"
Gingerbrute①The unlabeled vial was not vanilla extract after all.
Gird for Battle①"You won't need the sword drills, your shields, or my blessing. You'll fight for Sunhome with the truth in your heart."↵-Aurelia
Gisa and Geralf①"These fiends are slightly less tolerable than you." "A sentiment that warms my heart, sister."
Gisa and Geralf①"These fiends are slightly less tolerable than you."↵"A sentiment that warms my heart, sister."
Gisa's Bidding①"Soft dirt makes for light work."
Gisela, the Broken Blade①She now hears only Emrakul's murmurs.
Gitaxian Probe①"My flesh holds no secrets, monster. The spirit of Mirrodin will fight on."↵-Vy Covalt, Mirran resistance
Githzerai Monk①The githzerai dwell in the heart of Limbo, shaping the chaos of that plane with their powerful psionic abilities.
Give No Ground①"Get behind me!"
Giver of Runes①She provides marks of protection to those she chooses as family.
Gix①Through ruthlessness and raw ambition, Gix rose through the Phyrexian regime to the exalted rank of praetor. Even while overseeing many of Phyrexia's most important undertakings, Gix continues his own quest for supremacy . . . for in Phyrexia, the weak become fodder for the strong.
Glacial Crevasses①"We were chasing Lim-Dul when the ridge in front of us suddenly crumbled. I can't believe it was mere coincidence."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Glacial Crevasses①"We were chasing Lim-Dul when the ridge in front of us suddenly crumbled. I can't believe it was mere coincidence."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Glacial Floodplain①"A cliff once rose from the surf here-until Bjora Dawn-Greeter declared that it was blocking her view and pulled it down bare-handed."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Glacial Fortress①Ships blown north in their voyage across the Stormwreck Sea become trapped in the unmelting ice.
Glacial Revelation①The harshest environments offer the greatest opportunities for exploration.
Glacial Stalker①"Have you spent a winter high in the mountains, where the ice walks and speaks to the wind? It is not a place for those who have not learned respect."↵-Ulnok, Temur shaman
Glacial Wall①"As we neared, Belfar proclaimed the wall to be made of glass and went forward to prove it. We had no choice but to pull his hands free from where he had touched it, leaving flesh palmprints on the icy wall."↵-Tross, Vainus Expedition leader
Glacial Wall①"Huge walls of ice block further travel. We can't believe they are natural."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Glacial Wall①"There is no confusion as to the boundary of the archmage's territory."↵-Ippin, master cartographer
Glacial Wall①"We are farther west than any could have imagined possible, but I still wish to press on. Unfortunately, huge walls of ice block further travel. We can't believe they are natural."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Glacial Wall①Like arguing with ice↵-Vodalian expression meaning "wasting your time"
Glacian, Powerstone Engineer①"His energy is as boundless as the powerstones'."↵-Rebbec, architect of ascension
Glaciers①"Even the highest mountain can be ground to dust."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Glade Gnarr①Long thought merely a legend, the appearance of the gnarr was seen by the defenders as a sign of good luck.
Gladecover Scout①"The forest is my cover and I hold it close. In such a tight embrace, there is no room for wickedness."
Glademuse①"Rage can be heard throughout the world, but wisdom comes at a whisper."↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Gladewalker Ritualist①"We are all."
Glare of Heresy①No foe is more hated than the former friend.
Glare of Subdual①The righteous light of Selesnya is channeled through the devout, striking out to blind the nonbelievers.
Glass Asp①Its venom induces a fever that causes its victims to relive the attack in recurring, haunting visions.
Glass Casket①Fate will decide whether it's a bed or a tomb.
Glass Golem①Izzet artificers have learned to steer their beautiful constructs clear of Boros warhammers-and the opera house.
Glass of the Guildpact①"Counterbalanced forces sustain this city. No faction above others. A beautiful idea."↵-Emmara
Glasspool Mimic①"When I touched the Glasspool, I tasted infinite possibility."↵-Ashen Wal, Akoum Expeditionary House
Glasspool Shore①"Past and possibility come together in the vastness of infinite reflection."↵-Ashen Wal, Akoum Expeditionary House
Glaze Fiend①Before the zealots of the Ethersworn came to power, Esper illusionists dreamed up creations to mimic a variety of substances.
Gleam of Battle①Every soldier returns from battle changed: by hardship, by blood, by a glimpse of glory.
Gleaming Barrier①"Gold without freedom might as well be lead."↵-Angrath
Gleemax①Help us . . . R&D under mental domination of alien brain in jar . . . only chance . . . Gleemax's blatant disregard for flavor text . . . send help!
Gleemox①MOCTODSDR↵AZIWTAXAM↵EELG
Glen Elendra Liege①Those who displease Oona soon learn the extent of the armies she commands.
Glen Elendra Pranksters①Victims spirited through a faerie ring find themselves stranded miles away.
Glimmer Bairn①"Tricks and treats, souls and sweets! On wooded path, whom shall we meet?"
Glimmer of Genius①Creators live for that moment of inspiration: precious, profound, perfect.
Glimmerbell①"Their paths aren't random, but they don't float with the wind. Could they be following surges in crystalline energy?"↵-Naireh, Ketria elementalist
Glimmerdust Nap①The dreams of giants are as long as time and as deep as the earth. Thus they are prized by the dream-harvesting fae.
Glimmering Angel①"We turned to see where the blow came from and saw only a distant light."↵-Capashen lord
Glimmerpost①What once spied upon Mirrodin from above now waits below for another to assume control.
Glimmervoid①An empty canvas holds infinite possibilities.
Glimpse of Freedom①"Freedom lies in accepting a single path."↵-Nyklos, Meletian philosopher
Glimpse of Nature①Dosan sat in repose for many hours. He made no motion, no sound at all. And as he sat, nature revealed itself to him.
Glimpse the Future①"No simple coin toss can solve this riddle. You must think and choose wisely."↵-Shai Fusan, archmage
Glimpse the Sun God①Better to be beneath Heliod's notice than beneath his heel.
Glimpse the Unthinkable①"I am confident that if anyone actually penetrates our facades, even the most perceptive would still be fundamentally unprepared for the truth of House Dimir."↵-Szadek
Glimpse the Unthinkable①He spent his life searching for the *Locked Tome of Eremil*. In the end, his mind held together just long enough to decipher a single word.
Glint Hawk①Its eyes burned nearly blind by the Whitesun, it hunts by metallic gleam.
Glint-Eye Nephilim①When it awoke, it shook the plane with the thunder of its craving.
Glint-Sleeve Artisan①"Shine bright, bolts tight."
Glinting Creeper①Natural crystalline growths filter and refract light in dazzling displays that attract pollinators and daze predators.
Glintwing Invoker①The Mirari flares in his mind.
Glint①Rakshasa waste no opportunity to display their wealth and power, even in the midst of a sorcerous duel.
Glissa Sunseeker①"There's a secret at the heart of this world, and I will unlock it."
Glissa Sunseeker①To seek the truth was her calling. To gain its power was her destiny.
Glissa's Courier①"So, the survivors from Oxid Ridge are on the move. Let them come and witness predation in its purest form."↵-Glissa
Glissa's Scorn①"If it were fit to survive, it wouldn't have been so easily put down."↵-Glissa
Glissa, the Traitor①Once Mirrodin's brightest hope. Now Phyrexia's cruel champion.
Glistener Elf①"Beg me for life, and I will fill you with the glory of Phyrexian perfection."
Glitterfang①"Through the veil's rip spilled hundreds of minor kami, rushing over the battlefield like embers from a kicked campfire. Then they were gone."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Glitterflitter①There are no small parts, only small performers.
Glittering Frost①At last, the storm's rage subsided, leaving silent, frozen beauty in its wake.
Glittering Stockpile①The only thing Ziatora desires is "more."
Glittering Wish①She wished for gold, but not for the strength to carry it.
Glittermonger①Street corners in the Mezzio are a tantalizing bazaar of the fantastic, the illicit, and the fake.
Global Ruin①"The earth shook, the sky rained fire, and it seemed the world was ending."↵-Benalish refugee
Gloom Pangolin①"They say it survives on a purely bioluminescent diet. It's only active during the darkest of Indatha nights, making verification highly challenging."↵-Gannet, Skysail zoologist
Gloom Sower①"First, the darkness fell. Terror came next. After that, only despair remained."↵-*The Tragedy of Morein*
Gloom Stalker①"I'll make sure you never mistake a roper for a stalagmite again."
Gloom Surgeon①He roams the streets of Havengul seeking the sick and delirious so that he may cure them of their lives.
Gloomhunter①Scavengers both mundane and magical follow in its wake, feeding on the scraps of flesh and spirit it leaves behind.
Gloomlance①Death stings the victim only once, but those left behind feel the pain of loss with every passing memory.
Gloomwidow's Feast①Each night, gloomwidows cull fresh prey for their ravenous hatchlings.
Gloomwidow①"An unexpected ally."↵-Rem Karolus, Slayer of Angels
Gloomwidow①The abandoned towns on the moors didn't stay empty for long.
Gloomwidow①When gloomwidows mature, they abandon venom in favor of massive webs that span the eaves of cliffs.
Glorifier of Dusk①"The blood of the enemy is a sacrament. The strength it gives is proof that our cause is just."
Glorious Anthem①"North and South meet and angels sing. Voices resound with a righteous ring."↵-"The Ballad of the Paladins"
Glorious Anthem①Each victory adds a new verse.
Glorious Anthem①Once heard, the battle song of an angel becomes part of the listener forever.
Glorious Anthem①The songs of angels are perceived not as words in the ears but as stirrings in the soul.
Glorious Charge①"One's blade is only as sharp as one's conviction."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Glorious Enforcer①"You are unworthy of life, but take heart. You have earned a clean death."
Glory Bearers①"We are bearers of the ancient light, keepers of sun-crowned Heliod's blessings. Fight, and the light will protect you!"
Glory Seeker①"There's no contract to sign, no oath to swear. The enlistment procedure is to unsheathe your sword and point it at the enemy."
Glory Seeker①The turning of the tide always begins with one soldier's decision to head back into the fray.
Glory of Warfare①"Their hopes dashed on our shields! Their victory slashed by our swords!"
Glory-Bound Initiate①"Fly as an arrow through the trials, and never waver in your course."↵-Oketra, god of solidarity
Glorybringer①What the initiates face in the final trial is completely at Hazoret's discretion.
Gloryscale Viashino①"This is a new world and a new war. We need warriors who know chaos and how to combat it."↵-Lisha of the Azure
Glory①"Glory was gone; Glory was everywhere."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Glory①"Glory was gone; Glory was everywhere."↵-Scroll of Beginnings
Glowering Rogon①A herd of one.
Glowing Anemone①Beautiful to behold, terrible to be held.
Glowrider①"It is not yet time."
Glowspore Shaman①From death she grows living grandeur.
Gluttonous Cyclops①The cyclops had learned to never eat a shepherd. Instead he gently flung the "pit" aside to grow a new flock.
Gluttonous Slime①On Jund, everything eventually ends up in something else's stomach.
Gluttonous Slug①No amount of salt will save you
Gluttonous Zombie①Greed and gluttony led him to death. Now they are his greatest assets.
Glyph of Doom①"He knows he has a short span of life, that the day will come when he must pass through the wall of oblivion . . ."↵-William Faulkner
Glyph of Life①Any wall can be battered down, but at what cost?
Gnarlback Rhino①"I think it's trying to tell us that the forest is angry."↵-Vivien Reid
Gnarled Effigy①"Bits of fallen scarecrow, laces of elfskin leather, teeth of an axeshark merrow . . . An industrious soul can find new uses for the most mundane items."↵-Mowagh the Gwyllion
Gnarled Grovestrider①Far from the bloodsoaked wedding, unseen by human eyes, a long-slumbering force arose to protect its home.
Gnarled Mass①"On the fifty-seventh day of the Battle of Silk, the bell again tolled in hopes of summoning mortal aid. This time, a new breed of kami rose to answer its call."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Gnarled Professor①"Class is in season."
Gnarlid Colony①Where mana flows, the gnarlids follow.
Gnarlwood Dryad①As Emrakul's influence radiated across Innistrad, evacuation from Kessig's remote villages became increasingly difficult.
Gnat Alley Creeper①Despite its diminutive name, Gnat Alley is the longest street in Ravnica. Mile after twisting mile, it threads its way among the broader, safer thoroughfares like a parasite.
Gnat Miser①Nezumi insect-shamans enjoyed solitary lives, which was fortunate since no other nezumi could stand to live within half a mile of their foul stench.
Gnathosaur①Mirran creatures that could withstand the Phyrexian oil found an abundance of crunchy snacks.
Gnawing Zombie①On still nights you can hear its rotted teeth grinding tirelessly on scavenged bones.
Gnoll Hunter①Yipping and cackling, the hunters tore through the village, leaving nothing but snapped bones and burning homes in their wake.
Gnottvold Recluse①Fed up with webs impeding travelers in other realms, Kolvori banished the giant spiders to Gnottvold, where their webs snare only the occasional rampaging troll.
Go Blank①The only feeling worse than not knowing the answer is the certainty that you once did.
Go for Blood①Lukka's bond provided not only friendship, but also the most powerful weapon in his arsenal.
Go for the Throat①"Pray that night is upon us, for if this twilight is the work of the Necrons, we are all dead men."↵-Address by Lieutenant Krakow prior to the Bloodmoon Massacres
Go for the Throat①Having flesh is increasingly a liability on Mirrodin.
Go-Shintai of Ancient Wars①It seeks those consumed with rage and offers burning blades.
Go-Shintai of Boundless Vigor①It seeks those with untamed spirits and offers wild strength.
Go-Shintai of Hidden Cruelty①It seeks those with hate in their hearts and offers vengeance.
Go-Shintai of Lost Wisdom①It seeks those driven by curiosity and offers enlightenment.
Go-Shintai of Shared Purpose①It seeks those who act with kindness and offers friendship.
Goatnapper①Kith goats are just for practice. The real prize, of course, is a giant's cloudgoat.
Goatnap①"The steering horns ain't steering!"
Gobbling Ooze①The furious citizens blamed the Simic for releasing it in their district. The Simic pointed out that rats were no longer a problem.
Gobhobbler Rats①Lyzolda's pet rats eat better than the average citizen. In fact, they can usually be found eating the average citizen.
Goblin Airbrusher①Once he'd worked out which end of the thing the paint came from, he was promoted to shirt duty.
Goblin Anarchomancer①A good Gruul shaman can work a whole clan into a frenzy. A great one will wait until the enemy's nearby.
Goblin Archaeologist①Always easily impressed, Durg was about to be blown away.
Goblin Arsonist①With great power comes great risk of getting yourself killed.
Goblin Artillery①Most goblins get their turn firing the catapult, but few achieve the coveted title of Ammunition Holder.
Goblin Assailant①What he lacks in patience, intelligence, empathy, lucidity, hygiene, ability to follow orders, self-regard, and discernible skills, he makes up for in sheer chaotic violence.
Goblin Assassin①The more victims he kills, the more likely he is to get the right one.
Goblin Assault Team①Under the veneer of the various guilds, each goblin has the same basic need: to run screaming at the enemy and hit a bunch of stuff.
Goblin Assault①A goblin raid is a delicate gambit-a blend of stealth, precision, and screaming death.
Goblin Balloon Brigade①"From up here we can drop rocks and arrows and more rocks!" "Uh, yeah boss, but how do we get down?"
Goblin Balloon Brigade①"From up here we can drop rocks and arrows and more rocks!"↵"Uh, yeah boss, but how do we get down?"
Goblin Balloon Brigade①"The enemy is getting too close! Quick! Inflate the toad!"
Goblin Balloon Brigade①They patched the holes, loaded their sharpest rocks, spanked their children one last time, and lurched off into the sunset.
Goblin Banneret①The Boros banner stands tall even if its bearer doesn't.
Goblin Battle Jester①Somehow goblins found a tactical advantage by sending a clown to war.
Goblin Berserker①Goblins don't know the meaning of the word "tactics"↵-or the word "meaning," for that matter.
Goblin Bird-Grabber①"I opens my mouth to catches the bugs!"
Goblin Blastronauts①The goblins really put themselves into the fireworks show, despite Myra's pleas to stop.
Goblin Bombardment①One mogg to aim the catapult, one mogg to steer the rock.
Goblin Bombardment①With one motion, a pest is removed and a scourge inflicted.
Goblin Bookie①"Glok loved bets! He'd sit in the bar all night an' laugh an' laugh. Hey-he still owes me."↵-Squee, goblin casino hand
Goblin Boom Keg①Dragonfire spawned many imitations. Some were more dramatic than others.
Goblin Bowling Team①Flog was out of his league-this game wasn't up his alley, but the team couldn't spare him if he split.
Goblin Brawler①Perhaps he shuns technology. Perhaps he appreciates nature. Perhaps he doesn't know the difference.
Goblin Brigand①After the Skirk Ridge collapsed, the goblins erected a system of ropes and pulleys to hold up what was left.
Goblin Brigand①Like a loaded cannon-point and shoot.
Goblin Bully①It's easy to stand head and shoulders over those with no backbone.
Goblin Bushwhacker①If you need a job done quick and extra stabby, call "McChoppy."
Goblin Cadets①"If you kids don't stop that racket, I'm turning this expedition around *right now!*"
Goblin Cannon①Goblin cannon crews are known not for their aim but for their ability to dive for cover.
Goblin Cavaliers①They get along so well with their goats because they're practically goats themselves.
Goblin Caves①The stench of countless generations of unspeakable activities was enough to loosen both our footing and our stomachs.
Goblin Chainwhirler①"The trick is, once you get moving, don't stop!"
Goblin Champion①The stories of his heroics are inspiring, though none of them are remotely true.
Goblin Chariot①The hardest part of his training is learning not to eat the boar.
Goblin Chariot①They have to replace the wheels, they have to replace the boar, and sometimes they have to replace the goblin.
Goblin Chieftain①"It's time for the 'Smash, Smash' song!"
Goblin Chieftain①"We are goblinkind, heirs to the mountain empires of chieftains past. Rest is death to us, and arson is our call to war."
Goblin Chirurgeon①"I asked one of my aides how they do it, but all he'd say was, 'Trust me, Mayor, you don't want to know.'"↵-Lydia Wynforth, Mayor of Trokair
Goblin Chirurgeon①"Perhaps Goblins are good for something after all."↵-Attributed to General Khurzog
Goblin Chirurgeon①"Perhaps goblins are good for something after all."↵-General Khurzog
Goblin Chirurgeon①The Chirurgeons patched up their fallen comrades with a gruesome mix of twisted limbs and mangled flesh.
Goblin Clearcutter①"Did you know that wood burns even better than rocks?"↵-Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Goblin Cohort①Akki shells provided good protection when downhill charging became headlong tumbling.
Goblin Commando①With a commando around, somebody's gonna get hurt.
Goblin Deathraiders①Every once in a while, when they aren't getting incinerated in lava, crushed under rock slides, or devoured by dragons, goblins experience moments of unmitigated glory in battle.
Goblin Digging Team①"Dig. Dig. Dig. Dig. Dig. Dig. Die!"↵-Goblin chant
Goblin Digging Team①"From down here we can make the whole wall collapse!" "Uh, yeah, boss, but how do we get out?"
Goblin Digging Team①"From down here we can make the whole wall collapse!"↵"Uh, yeah, boss, but how do we get out?"
Goblin Diplomats①When you need to convey that special kind of message.
Goblin Electromancer①"Result 752: Rapid mass redistribution.↵"Result 753: Calamitous reverse synthesis.↵"Result 754: Acute disarrayment."↵-Izzet research notes
Goblin Electromancer①When asked how much power is required, Izzet mages always answer "more."
Goblin Elite Infantry①They talk a good fight.
Goblin Elite Infantry①We're *elite*. You're not.↵-Infantry motto
Goblin Festival①"What are we celebratin' again?"
Goblin Firebug①Most goblins leave behind a wake of destruction. A few goblins take one with them.
Goblin Fireslinger①A rock between your eyes hurts. A burning rock between your eyes ruins your whole day.
Goblin Flectomancer①Rerouting magic through a goblin's brain is the surest way to throw it wildly off course.
Goblin Flotilla①Exceptionally poor sailors, Goblins usually arrived at their destination retching and in no condition to fight.
Goblin Freerunner①There are old goblins and ambitious goblins, but very few old, ambitious goblins.
Goblin Furrier①Clambering up and over the powdery slope, the goblin chanced upon a small furry thing. There they regarded each other: the goblin and his new pair of earmuffs.
Goblin Gardener①"Grow food in dirt? Save time-eat dirt."
Goblin Gardener①Years of attempts have brought the goblins no closer to growing a sausage tree.
Goblin Gathering①Two's a party. Three's a felony.
Goblin Gaveleer①"When everything looks like a nail, you really need to get yourself a hammer."↵-Krol, goblin furnace-priest
Goblin General①Lead, follow, or run around like crazy.
Goblin General①Lead, follow, or run like crazy.
Goblin Glider①"What's got two arms, one wing, and no brains?"↵-Ghitu riddle
Goblin Glider①The goblins call the gliders "death from above." Everyone else calls them "clods in the clouds."
Goblin Goon①Giant-sized body. Goblin-sized brain.
Goblin Grappler①Daru soldiers learned it's better to have a clean death from a sharp blade than to tangle with a goblin's rusted chains.
Goblin Grenade①"According to accepted theory, the Grenade held some kind of flammable mixture and was carried to its target by a hapless Goblin."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Goblin Grenade①"According to accepted theory, the grenade held some kind of flammable mixture and was carried to its target by a hapless goblin."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Goblin Grenade①"I don't suppose we could teach them to *throw* the cursed things?"↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Goblin Grenade①"I don't suppose we could teach them to throw the cursed things?"↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Goblin Grenade①"Without their massive numbers, the Goblins could never have launched such a successful offensive."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Goblin Grenade①Don't underestimate the aerodynamic qualities of the common goblin.
Goblin Grenadiers①For once, Squee realized, *he* wasn't the dumb one.
Goblin Guide①"I've been all over this world. I even remember some of those places."
Goblin Guide①When the landmarks themselves get up and move, goblin intuition beats any map.
Goblin Haberdasher①An accessory in every sense of the word.
Goblin Hero①"When you're a goblin, you don't have to step forward to be a hero-everyone else just has to step back!"↵-Biggum Flodrot, goblin veteran
Goblin Hero①They attacked in an orgy of rage and madness, but only one seemed as focused on killing us as on the sheer joy of battle.
Goblin Hero①When you're a goblin, you don't have to step forward to be a hero-everyone else just has to step back.
Goblin Instigator①"We can take 'em. You go first!"
Goblin Javelineer①Hate gets you only so far. A pointy stick can close the rest of the distance.
Goblin Kaboomist①Designed by Stone Librande
Goblin King①"The King" set out to assemble the most kaboomiest goblin team in the land.
Goblin King①To be king, Numsgil did in Blog, who did in Unkful, who did in Viddle, who did in Loll, who did in Alrok . . . .
Goblin King①To be king, Numsgil did in Blog, who did in Unkful, who did in Viddle, who did in Loll, who did in Alrok . . . ."
Goblin King①To be king, Numsgil did in Blog, who did in Unkful, who did in Viddle, who did in Loll, who did in Alrok. . . .
Goblin King①To become king of the Goblins, one must assassinate the previous king. Thus, only the most foolish seek positions of leadership.
Goblin Lackey①"Danger" was supposed to be babysitting, so "Little Angel" became the newest member of the team.
Goblin Lackey①All bark, someone else's bite.
Goblin Lackey①At the first sign of enemy scouts, Jula grinned and strapped on his diplomacy helmet.
Goblin Locksmith①"He's got more finesse than most goblins. He smashes windows with his fist rather than his forehead."↵-Arrester Polgar
Goblin Lookout①"Throw rocks at 'em! Throw spears at 'em! Throw Furt at 'em!"
Goblin Lore①"I done forgot more than you'll ever know, pipsqueak."↵"Yeah-that's your problem."
Goblin Lore①"Now listen closely, my young gob. There are many ways to eat pimple bugs, but I say the best way is all smashed together between two slug chips."
Goblin Lore①"The coronation of King Numsgil, no . . . adventures of Tuktuk, no . . . the saga of Morpo the bard, no! Where's *my* story?"
Goblin Masons①"Goblins build with true zeal-and anything else within arm's reach."
Goblin Matron①A mother only a child could love.
Goblin Matron①There's always room for one more.
Goblin Medics①"First, do some harm."↵-Oath of Goblins
Goblin Mime①Mung noticed a few clouds gathering in the sky. Perhaps today he could perform his "walking against the wind" routine.
Goblin Mime①Pretending to be inside an invisible box was easy enough for Brug. It was finding the invisible door that caused him problems.
Goblin Motivator①Small words stoke large flames.
Goblin Mountaineer①Goblin lairs sit high in Jund's mountains. This gives the goblins easy access to the sacrificial peaks above and lets them build up a head of steam before attacking prey down below.
Goblin Mountaineer①Goblin mountaineer, barely keeps his family fed.
Goblin Mountaineer①The only thing worse than a goblin is a goblin that knows his way around.
Goblin Mutant①If only it had three brains, too.
Goblin Offensive①They certainly are.
Goblin Oriflamme①"It was difficult to tell whether the piles of gore within their warrens were mere trash heaps, sacred altars, or warnings."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Goblin Outlander①Egbol stared in wonder at Naya's landscape. So much to eat. So much to steal.
Goblin Patrol①"Take the sharp metal stick and make a lotta holes."↵-Jula, goblin raider
Goblin Picker①Countless generations of Shivan goblins have worked on the Mana Rig, giving them an unparalleled eye for useful relics.
Goblin Piker①Once he'd worked out which end of the thing was sharp, he was promoted to guard duty.
Goblin Piledriver①First name, Danger. Last name, also Danger.
Goblin Piledriver①Throw enough goblins at any problem and it should go away. At the very least, there'll be fewer goblins.
Goblin Psychopath①The destruction he causes is nothing next to the chaos in his mind.
Goblin Pyromancer①"The good news is, we figured out how the wand works. The bad news is, we figured out how the wand works."
Goblin Racketeer①"It, uh, fell off a cart?"
Goblin Raider①"I seen lots o' fights. To win ya gotta bash hard and not get bashed back."↵-Goblin grunt
Goblin Raider①He was proud to wear the lizard skin around his waist, just for the fun of annoying the enemy.
Goblin Raider①He's smart for a goblin. He can do *two* things: hit *and* run.
Goblin Raider①He's smart for a goblin. He can do two things: hit *and* run.
Goblin Rally①You don't so much hire goblins as put ideas in their heads.
Goblin Razerunners①Finding an unexplored world, they immediately set it on fire.
Goblin Razerunners①Finding themselves in a new and unexplored world, they immediately set it on fire.
Goblin Recruiter①"Next!"
Goblin Replica①It destroys with unthinking glee.
Goblin Rimerunner①Rimerunners set off avalanches to immobilize foes as well as to create more challenging slopes.
Goblin Roughrider①Astride the bucking creature, Gribble hurtled down the mountainside while his Grotag brethren cheered. It was at that moment that legend of the Skrill Tamer was born.
Goblin Roughrider①Astride the bucking creature, Gribble hurtled down the mountainside while his Grotag brethren cheered. It was at that moment that the legend of the Skrill Tamer was born.
Goblin S.W.A.T. Team①They put the "special" in special weapons and tactics.
Goblin S.W.A.T. Team①They refer to their methods as "special S.W.A.T. tactics," and no one has lived to correct them.
Goblin Scouts①"Pathetic-like I wouldn't know a goblin painted up to look like a dwarf!"↵-Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Goblin Secret Agent①SECRET AGENT↵PD042198↵LICENSE TO BE KILLED
Goblin Settler①Be it ever so crumbled, there's no place like home.
Goblin Settler①The safer outcroppings were already claimed by goblin overachievers.
Goblin Sharpshooter①"Gunner" can't hear you over the sound of his swagger.
Goblin Shortcutter①"Goblins are cheap, but be careful. It's a lot easier to steal from a corpse than a customer."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Goblin Shortcutter①"I'm not running away! I'm figuring out the best routes."
Goblin Shrine①"I knew it weren't no ordinary pile of-you know." -Norin the Wary
Goblin Shrine①"I knew it weren't no ordinary pile of-you know."↵-Norin the Wary
Goblin Ski Patrol①"AIIIEEEE!"↵-Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Goblin Ski Patrol①"AIIIEEEE!"↵-Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Goblin Sky Raider①The goblin word for "flying" is more accurately translated as "falling slowly."
Goblin Skycutter①He takes out his fear of heights on anything above his head.
Goblin Sledder①"Let's play 'sled.' Here's how it works: you're the sled."
Goblin Sleigh Ride①"What fun it is to ride and sing a slaying song tonight!"
Goblin Smuggler①"I am but a humble traveler. I have no taste for sneakery nor thiefiness."
Goblin Snowman①"Strength in numbers? Right."↵-Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Goblin Snowman①"Strength in numbers? Right."↵-Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Goblin Soothsayer①"I see a great victory and rivers of blood. And . . . hmm, looks like a spleen."↵-Grishnak, goblin soothsayer
Goblin Spelunkers①"It only short jump. You go first."↵"AIIIEEEE!"↵"Hmm . . . we go different way now."
Goblin Spelunkers①Chimney sweeps, explorers of abandoned buildings, spire climbers . . . goblin spelunkers have found countless niches within Ravnica's metropolis.
Goblin Spelunkers①Goblins prefer caves to just about anything else. Caves prefer just about anything else to goblins.
Goblin Spymaster①"Infiltrate and infuriate!"↵-Goblin Espionage League motto
Goblin Spy①"Isn't he on our side?"↵"Yep."↵"Why's he spyin' on us?"↵"Don't ask."
Goblin Striker①There's no word in the goblin language for "strategy." Then again, there's no word in the goblin language for "word."
Goblin Swine-Rider①"May you get the mount you deserve."↵-Suq'Ata curse
Goblin Taskmaster①For some reason, goblin fighting school isn't as crowded on day two.
Goblin Test Pilot①"All pilots and prototypes destroyed. Extensive collateral damage inflicted. Conclusion: flawless design."↵-*Manual of Melek*
Goblin Tinkerer①"Can they *do* that?"↵-Imwita, Zhalfirin artificer, last words
Goblin Trailblazer①"Why are we following the goblin? Can he even read that map?"↵-Daphne Vail, *Diremore* first mate
Goblin Traprunner①The best traprunners know exactly where to step. The others . . . do their best.
Goblin Trashmaster①"Folks 'round here are too in love with their contraptions. Does them some good if we smash one every so often."
Goblin Trenches①"Even if we dislodge them, I fear these lands will never again yield crops."↵-Kimmick, vanguard knight
Goblin Trenches①The ground rose and formed into thousands of tiny warriors. This fight was far from over.
Goblin Tunneler①"The best way over the mountain is through."
Goblin Tunneler①"You never know what's going to be in goblin tunnels. Even in the best case, there will still be goblins."↵-Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Goblin Turncoat①"Goblins won't betray their own kind for any price. They'll do it for a very specific price."↵-Phage the Untouchable
Goblin War Cry①"Goblins cry, soldiers fly.↵Stones fly, soldiers die!"
Goblin War Drums①"Defending the outer trenches, we strained our eyes in the darkness. All we could hear was the Drums' terrible pounding. Dobbs, on my right, broke first. Soon we were all heading for the walls."↵-Corporal Peter Douglas, courtmartial testimony
Goblin War Drums①"Goblins charge with a deafening war cry. The cry doesn't mean anything-it just drowns out the drums!"↵-Reod Dai, mercenary
Goblin War Drums①"The Goblins' dreaded War Drums struck terror into the hearts of even their bravest foes."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Goblin War Drums①The War Drums enabled Goblin and Orcish armies to crush the sparsely defended Dwarven cities.
Goblin War Drums①The goblin idea of music is to hit something with a stick.
Goblin War Drums①Their eardrums may have given out, but the rest of them never will.
Goblin War Drums①When creating a new War Drum, Goblin designers sought out the highest quality skulls. Serra Angel skulls were most highly prized, although most acknowledged that the skull of the exotic Sea Serpent made for a richer tone.
Goblin War Paint①"The Eldrazi may not be intimidated, but if it boosts the goblins' confidence, I see no reason to discourage it."↵-Jalun, Affa sentry
Goblin War Paint①"The secret to our war paint is hot peppers and stinkbugs. Lots of stinkbugs."↵-Skab, goblin secretkeeper
Goblin War Paint①War paint made from kolya fruit heightens senses and lessens fear. Unfortunately, fear is usually what keeps you alive.
Goblin War Strike①"Fire, aim, ready!"
Goblin Warchief①Inspiration comes in all shapes and sizes.
Goblin Warchief①Not since the days of Pashalik Mons have the Rundvelt goblins been so united or effective.
Goblin Warchief①They poured from the Skirk Ridge like lava, burning and devouring everything in their path.
Goblin Wardriver①"A true warrior fights with whatever's handy."↵-Qerk of the Secret Warren
Goblin Warrens①"Goblins bred underground, their numbers hidden from the enemy until it was too late."↵-*Sarpadian Empires*, vol. IV
Goblin Warrens①"Goblins bred underground, their numbers hidden from the enemy until it was too late."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV*
Goblin Welder①"I wrecked your metal guy, boss. But look! I made you an ashtray."
Goblin Wizardry①"Quiet in the library" soon gave way to larger concerns.
Goblinslide①Goblins, like snowflakes, are only dangerous in numbers.
Gobsmacked①You haven't see it until you see it in 6-D.
God-Favored General①Someone had to be first to attack, but he was not alone for long.
God-Pharaoh's Faithful①"This is the final trial! Rejoice, for the God-Pharaoh soars among us!"
God-Pharaoh's Statue①A dictator's infuriating smirk, an affront to everything Ravnica stood for.
Godhead of Awe①"What she saw crawling upon this world repulsed her. Yet she could not tear her gaze away."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Godhunter Octopus①"I will match Thassa drop for drop and show a god what true power is."↵-Kiora
Godless Shrine①Judgment without hope.
Godless Shrine①Sin is debt, and absolution is paid in tithes of gold and blood.
Godless Shrine①The Second Sun brought nothing but darkness.
Godo's Irregulars①Godo trained their muscles and honed their skills, but he left their hearts wild and empty.
Gods Willing①Honor the gods of Theros, and they will return the favor.
Gods' Eye, Gate to the Reikai①Listen at its walls and you will hear the whispers of gods.
Gods' Hall Guardian①Not a single rat has been seen in Istfell since the gods moved in.
Godsire①"Lay sacrifice to the godsire that it may spare us, but save some for his progeny who also will hunger."↵-Syeena, elvish godtoucher
Godtoucher①"Gargantuans die not in moments but in moons. There is still time to aid this noble ancient."
Godtracker of Jund①"The behemoths are content to graze like cattle, while dragons rage and conquer. I know which example I'll follow."
Gold Myr①The leonin thought of the myr as omens, never imagining the sinister fate they foretold.
Gold Myr①The myr are like razorgrass: numberless metal figures, reflecting each other's light.
Gold-Forge Garrison①An army of living gold for the golden city.
Gold-Forged Sentinel①Blessed by the gods. Coveted by mortals. Beholden to neither.
Golden Bear①The elvish scout was scrupulous about the truth. She told the traders that gold lay nearby.
Golden Hind①"It is not yours to hunt, mortal. Be content with its beauty alone."↵-Nylea, god of the hunt
Golden Ratio①"When I look around, I see a world defined by patterns that still manages to defy them."↵-Kianne, Quandrix dean
Golden Wish①She wished for nobility, but not for a nation to honor it.
Golden-Tail Disciple①Students of the kitsune-led Golden-Tail Academy in Eiganjo are unparalleled in both martial skill and dedication to the Imperial cause.
Goldenglow Moth①"Little moth, fluttering bright, What luck will you bring tonight?"↵-Benalish children's rhyme
Goldenglow Moth①Ordinary moths follow it, drawn to its light.
Goldenhide Ox①The temptation to take the ox's golden hide is as irresistible as it is fatal.
Goldhound①The staccato clatter of its metal claws on pavement is unmistakable.
Goldmaw Champion①"That was nothing. I once took down a frost giant with a spoon!"
Goldmeadow Dodger①"I've gotten close enough to a giant to smell his breath, but none has ever so much as spotted me. I wonder how long my record can extend?"
Goldmeadow Harrier①"It's a proven fact that sling-stones from the dawn side of the riverbank sail the farthest and truest."↵-Deagan, cenn of Burrenton
Goldmeadow Stalwart①The thoughtweft ties a clachan together. Sharing each other's hopes and fears, all the village's citizens spring into action upon the first threat to any one of them.
Goldmire Bridge①The path to glory is forged in ambition.
Goldnight Commander①"One faith, but many hands in victory."
Goldnight Redeemer①The Host sings of Avacyn's return without a single verse about its own suffering.
Golem Artisan①Better living through metallurgy.
Golem's Heart①The heart of a golem gives life to more than just the iron husk around it.
Golem①Might I interest you in our latest model?  Does not go mad and kill you, guaranteed
Golgari Charm①"Let the rest of Ravnica sneer. One way or another, they all end up in the undercity."↵-Jarad
Golgari Cluestone①Golgari mold collects whispers, intelligence that is later harvested by Jarad and his high chancellors.
Golgari Findbroker①"We gather the past from surface dwellers and sell it right back to them."
Golgari Germination①The Golgari don't bury their dead. They plant them.
Golgari Guildgate①"Jarad was a friend to the Devkarin. Now we slink through neglected tunnels, befriending those who crawl them."↵-Izoni
Golgari Guildgate①"Shut the gates. In the Underrealm we will outlast the coming doom."↵-Vraska
Golgari Guildgate①Enter those who are starving and sick. You are welcome among the Swarm when the rest of Ravnica rejects you.
Golgari Guildgate①Every part of the gate was reclaimed from forgotten ruins and imbued with new purpose by the Swarm.
Golgari Keyrune①Like a single ant, it only hints at the colony below.
Golgari Locket①"Wear it at all times. It will guide our reanimators to your corpse."↵-Mazirek, kraul death priest
Golgari Longlegs①Despite its enormous stature, it can fold itself into a tunnel with startling quickness, vanishing back into the undercity.
Golgari Raiders①What the Golgari can't claim through patient undercity expansion, they seize in brazen topside sorties.
Golgari Rotwurm①Like corpse-worms through a carapace, rotwurms slide through the hollowed bones of the undercity.
Golgari Signet①Depending on your point of view, the seal represents a proud guardian of the natural cycle or one who has sold her soul to darkness for eternal life.
Golgari Thug①"What is death?" he asked the raven. "Your next birth," it replied.
Golgothian Sylex①From their earliest educations, the brothers had known that no human contrivance could stand against the true masters of Dominia.
Goliath Beetle①The balance of nature dictates that one day humans will be stepped on by bugs.
Goliath Paladin①"Why do you cower in the darkness, little gnolls? If you would challenge me, step into the light."
Goliath Sphinx①He makes his home on the tallest mountain in Sejiri, where the vista is as endless as his patience.
Goliath Spider①The glittering strands of its complex web catch everything from a buzzing gnat to a passing bloatdrake.
Goma Fada Vanguard①"Her weapon's impressive, sure. But you should see her wield it."↵-Gred, expedition warrior
Gomazoa①To explorers, "point man" is a polite way of saying "gomazoa fodder."
Gone Missing①"Sometimes it's best for the lost to stay lost."↵-Herzag, mayor of Havengul
Gonti's Aether Heart①Despite the magic that sustains Gonti's life, the crime lord is often described as heartless.
Gonti's Machinations①"I am confident that all our enterprises can benefit from this little revolution."
Good-Fortune Unicorn①Catching even a glimpse of one is the start of eight years of good luck.
Goons①You don't want no trouble, do ya
Gor Muldrak, Amphinologist①"The day of reckoning is coming. Knowledge of the amphin may be our only refuge."
Gore Swine①"The Mardu are like the gore swine. We are wild, hunt in packs, and rarely clean the blood from our blades."↵-Vallash, Mardu warrior
Gore Vassal①"Rid them of their unfaithful organs. Bring new hearts to the unbelievers."↵-*Tome of Machines*, verse 1703
Gore-House Chainwalker①If the pig's blood drips on you, you're next on the chain.
Goreclaw, Terror of Qal Sisma①You don't want to know how she got that name.
Gorehorn Minotaurs①Some of the eleven minotaur clans of Mirtiin are expert crafters and learned philosophers. Others just like to hit stuff.
Goretusk Firebeast①As a youth, Kamahl took one for a pet. His hair has yet to grow back.
Gorger Wurm①In war-torn Alara, sometimes a wurm's gullet is the safest place to be.
Gorgon's Head①"You slew the gorgon? Show me."↵-King Igalus, last words
Gorilla Berserkers①"Beneath serenity may lie a hidden rage."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Gorilla Berserkers①"Their fury is their greatest weapon."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Gorilla Chieftain①"In the soil of leadership sprout the seeds of immortality."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper
Gorilla Chieftain①"In the soil of leadership sprout the seeds of immortality."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Gorilla Chieftain①"Oh, no-not *you* again?!"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Gorilla Chieftain①"Oh, no-not *you* again?!"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Gorilla Chieftain①A gorilla chief must always be prepared to defend his crown. This leads to some pretty tough apes.
Gorilla Pack①"We learned this at a dear price: once you cross the great river, get through the Yavimaya forest at top speed."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Gorilla Shaman①"Each generation teaches the next that artifice is the enemy of natural order."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Gorilla Shaman①"Each generation teaches the next that artifice is the enemy of natural order."↵-Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Gorilla Shaman①"Frankly, destruction is best left to professionals."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Gorilla Shaman①"Frankly, destruction is best left to professionals."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Gorilla Titan①"I want a banana *this* big!"
Gorilla War Cry①"The only 'art' these beasts possess is the art of noise!"↵-Jaya Ballard
Gorilla War Cry①"Theirs is the art of blood."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Gorilla Warrior①The gorilla beat its chest and threw great handfuls of leaves into the air. It howled challenge and showed its teeth. The mechanical soldier, not understanding, simply killed it.
Gorilla Warrior①They were formidable even before they learned the use of weapons.
Goring Ceratops①"Follow her footsteps and she will show you the way."↵-Itzama the Crested
Gorion, Wise Mentor①"You are safest in Candlekeep, Abdel, but I cannot keep you from the world forever."
Gossamer Chains①"Harah swung his sword mightily, but still the air held him fast."↵-Azeworai, "Kenechi's Dream"
Gossamer Phantasm①"Belief matters more than truth. Every moment, belief in imaginary things alters lives while truth sits unnoticed and waits."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Gouged Zealot①He can't fear what he can't see.
Grabby Tabby①The milk bottle toss is closed until the rules can be amended.
Graceblade Artisan①"Can you catch a snowflake on the edge of your blade? Her sword has snagged an entire blizzard."↵-Zogye, Ojutai mystic
Graceful Adept①"When you have mastered my lessons, it will seem as though the whole of the world has opened up to your mind and nothing is beyond your grasp."↵-Lady Azami
Graceful Cat①Though they are held in high regard as symbols of the god Oketra, cats often lack her sense of solidarity.
Graceful Reprieve①"In my moment of death, I had a vision of the world, dark and unwelcoming. I wanted to hide in the deepest meander, but the light pulled me back."
Graf Mole①"Their keen sense of smell draws them to the unnatural. To find one is a boon."↵-Veka, hinterland inspector
Grafdigger's Cage①"Best bury them right. We don't want any gruesome encores."↵-Constable Trosk
Grafdigger's Cage①"If you wind up in one of mine, you can be sure as silver it will be your last."↵-Grafdigger Wulmer
Grafted Identity①Autonomy is only skin deep.
Grafted Skullcap①"Every day, I fight for my life and win. Every night, I fight to remember my name and lose."
Grafted Skullcap①"Let go your mind. Mine is fitter."↵-Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Grand Abolisher①"Your superstitions and mumblings are useless chaff before my righteousness."
Grand Arbiter Augustin IV①"A great leader must have the wisdom to know what's right and the courage to make it so."
Grand Arbiter Augustin IV①The Arbiter is a conduit of justice, a will so disciplined that it dispenses justice without ego or remorse.
Grand Arbiter Augustin IV①To be Arbiter is to dispense few words and many judgments.
Grand Crescendo①The roar of applause drowned out the melee raging in the lobby.
Grand Melee①Hot blood washes away cold reason.
Grand Warlord Radha①"The future is my gift to Keld."
Grandmother Sengir①"Rarely have power and madness been so delightfully wed as they have in our dear Grandmother."↵-Baron Sengir
Grandmother Sengir①"Rarely have power and madness been so delightfully wed as they have in our dear grandmother."↵-Baron Sengir
Granger Guildmage①Leave no mouth agape, no stomach unfilled.↵-Granger Guild maxim
Granite Gargoyle①"While most overworlders fortunately don't realize this, Gargoyles can be most delicious, providing you have the appropriate tools to carve them." -The Underworld Cookbook, by Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar
Granite Gargoyle①"While most overworlders fortunately don't realize this, Gargoyles can be most delicious, providing you have the appropriate tools to carve them."↵-The Underworld Cookbook, by Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar
Granite Gargoyle①"While most overworlders fortunately don't realize this, gargoyles can be most delicious, providing you have the appropriate tools to carve them."↵-Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, The Underworld Cookbook
Granite Grip①"Let me introduce you to Rocky."
Granite Grip①There's beauty in the desert-but it's best to view it from afar.
Granite Shard①It's a piece of a world the goblins have never seen but would dearly like to blow up.
Granitic Titan①"That one's not mine. Run!"↵-Nissa Revane
Granny's Payback①Few remember the exploits of Dakkon's grandmother, Eunice Blackblade.
Granny's Payback①R&D Comments↵BB 10/10: Why does a life-gaining card show an old lady killing people?↵MR (10/10/03): We'll fix it in the flavor text.
Granulate①There aren't *that* many ways to destroy a solid steel weapon, but somehow the goblins keep finding new ones.
Grapeshot Catapult①For years scholars debated whether these were Urza's or Mishra's creations. Recent research suggests they were invented by the brothers' original master, Tocasia, and that both used these devices.
Grapeshot Catapult①Recent research suggests these creatures were invented by Urza's and Mishra's original master, Tocasia, and that both brothers used them.
Grapeshot Catapult①The Southern Paladin taught the airborne vermin to fear the storm that rains upward.
Grapeshot①Mages often seek to emulate the powerful relics lost to time and apocalypse.
Graphic Violence①WARNING: THE DOMINARIAN SURGEON GENERAL HAS FOUND THAT SAVAGE BEATINGS CAN LEAD TO CHUMP BLOCKS, LIFE REDUCTION, AND EVEN GAME LOSS.
Grapple with the Past①Emrakul does not grant wishes. Desires simply align to her will.
Grappler Spider①Creatures of the air wisely avoid the darkest regions of Guul Draz-which is why grappler spiders inhabit the few places touched by the sun's rays.
Grappling Hook①Part tool, part weapon, part of the kor.
Grappling Sundew①Some rooftop gardens attract bees; others capture dragons.
Grasp of Darkness①"I welcome the use of even the foulest magic if it will rid us of the monstrosities that plague our world."↵-Munda, ambush leader
Grasp of Darkness①On a world with five suns, night is compelled to become an aggressive force.
Grasp of the Hieromancer①"There is power in abandon, but far more in control."↵-Warden Hixus, to Kytheon
Grasping Giant①Mirinthes thought death was seconds away when the giant's fist closed around him. Two days later, he was praying for death's release.
Grasping Scoundrel①"I can hear the plunder calling. It asks for me by name."
Grasping Thrull①"Debt due! Debt due!" The thrull's screeching makes children flinch and debtors quail. "Debt due!"
Grassland Crusader①"Everyone deserves a chance to live. My job is to make sure they get it."
Gratuitous Violence①Only the Cabal could make a fight to the death more deadly.
Gratuitous Violence①What was supposed to be a quiet time in town turned into an adventure of its own.
Grave Bramble①Nature abhors a zombie.
Grave Consequences①"You call *that* a nightmare?"↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Grave Endeavor①Not alive, not dead, but definitely furious.
Grave Exchange①"It's a cold, dark journey either way."↵-Eruth of Lambholt
Grave Pact①"The bonds of loyalty can tie one to the grave."↵-Crovax
Grave Pact①"The bonds of loyalty can tie one to the grave."↵-Crovax, ascendant evincar
Grave Peril①"Sometimes the grave does not wait for death before relishing its feast of flesh and bones."↵-Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Grave Robbers①"If you don't have your health, you don't have anything."↵-Proverb
Grave Servitude①"I no longer believe in a final resting place."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Grave Sifter①It claws at the earth in a vain attempt to reclaim what it once was.
Grave Strength①So long as death follows life, the supply lines of the Sultai will never be cut.
Grave Titan①Death in form and function.
Gravebane Zombie①"A zombie's bed must be a lumpy one or he wouldn't leave it so often."↵-Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Gravebind①One foot in the grave, firmly planted.
Graveborn Muse①"Her voice is damnation, unyielding and certain."↵-Phage the Untouchable
Gravecrawler①"Innistrad's ghoulcallers are talented enough, but let me show you what someone with real power can create."↵-Liliana Vess
Gravecrawler①She'll get revenge or die trying!
Gravedigger①A full coffin is like a full coffer-both are attractive to thieves.
Gravedigger①A grave is not always for burial.
Gravedigger①His grim ritual ushers the dead to their new life.
Gravedigger①In Amonkhet's ever-shifting sands, nothing stays buried for long.
Gravedigger①Oddly, no one questioned the Cabal's wisdom in hiring a zombie to work at the cemetery.
Gravedigger①Only a thin layer of dirt separates civilization from an undead apocalypse.
Gravel-Hide Goblin①"No peace accord will save Ravnica. You don't build on rot. You burn it down and start again."↵-Domri Rade
Gravelgill Axeshark①"Their sharp scales would make good armor, if they'd just stay dead."↵-Taeryn, cinder armorkeep
Gravelighter①It appears only to those whose lives are ending, welcoming them to their fate.
Graven Abomination①Ironically, the statues had been constructed as a warning.
Graven Cairns①"Here did the Extinguisher steal the light from the world. Here will we sacrifice her to bring the Great Rekindling to our people."↵-Illulia of Nighthearth
Graven Cairns①Shamans of Kar-Sengir claim that their sun sets because it can no longer bear the gaze of those pain-carved cliffs.
Graven Lore①The runes glow beneath the snow, bearing memories of a time when the old gods ruled the realms.
Gravepurge①"Lord Silumgar has given you a second chance to please him."↵-Siara, the Dragon's Mouth
Gravepurge①"The Blessed Sleep? Ha! Wake up my lovelies, there's work to be done!"↵-Gisa, ghoulcaller of Gavony
Graverobber Spider①Cloaks woven from its webs are durable and waterproof but said to bring on nightmares.
Graveshifter①"Why throw away a perfectly good identity?"
Gravespawn Sovereign①The Cabal never expected its creations to create servants of their own.
Gravetiller Wurm①As the creatures of the night closed in on humanity, Innistrad's primeval forces stirred, as though waking to watch the slaughter.
Gravewaker①It glides on silent wings across the midnight sky, and a dread host rises to follow.
Gravewaker①Once every seven years it flies on spectral wings over the moors of ancient battlefields.
Graveyard Busybody①You have to hang around the graveyard if you want to catch the talking dead.
Graveyard Marshal①"Rise and shine, my dears. We have work to do."↵-Isareth the Awakener
Graveyard Shift①"Up and at 'em, buddy. We've got more work to do."
Graveyard Shovel①Thanks to Havengul's thriving illegal market for corpses, the shovel that interred a body during the day is usually the same one digging it out at night.
Gravitational Shift①As they awakened, the Eldrazi reasserted their mastery over all of Zendikar's natural forces.
Gravity Sphere①On the morning of the Battle of Gal-Shan, the Sorcerer's cry rang out: "Let no bird fly, let no creature take wing, let all the battle join as one."
Gravity Well①Storms spread throughout Oran-Rief, ripping the skies with wind and rain. Airborne creatures sought shelter where they could.
Graxiplon①"Attempts to revive this ancient species have not been entirely successful, but results indicate potential for future development."↵-Riptide Project researcher
Gray Harbor Merfolk①Harbormasters tend to forget that security shouldn't stop at the surface.
Gray Merchant of Alphabet①Like any young zombie, Gary dreamed of escaping the underworld to join the circus.
Gray Ogre①The Ogre philosopher Gnerdel believed the purpose of life was to live as high on the food chain as possible. She refused to eat vegetarians, and preferred to live entirely on creatures that preyed on sentient beings.
Gray Ogre①The Ogre philosopher Gnerdel believed the purpose of life was to live as high on the food chain as possible. She refused to eat vegetarians, preferring to live entirely on creatures that preyed on sentient beings.
Graypelt Hunter①He'll cleave wood and bone alike to carve a path for his allies.
Grayscaled Gharial①Each tooth carries enough bacteria to kill a person in a day or two. But then, gharials do have 138 teeth.
Grazilaxx, Illithid Scholar①"You studied hard. How delicious!"
Grazing Gladehart①"Don't be fooled. If it were as docile as it looks, it would've died off long ago."↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Grazing Whiptail①Often found browsing on the upper canopies of Ixalan's jungles, whiptails are known to absently bat away anything foolish enough to interrupt their meal.
Greasefang, Okiba Boss①It's hard to say which is more deadly: her bike or her bite.
Great Furnace①Kuldotha, wellspring of molten metal, temple of the goblin horde.
Great Hart①The great hart stood like a statue, its hide painted gold by the dawn. The Champion laid down her weapons and stepped forward within an arm's length of the beast. The hart, sacred to Heliod and bathed in the god's own light, bowed to the Champion, marking her as the Chosen of the Sun God.↵-*The Theriad*
Great Oak Guardian①His roots reach deep and grip hard.
Great Sable Stag①Ineffable and incorruptible.
Great Whale①"As a great whale dies, it flips onto its back. And so an island is born."↵-Mariners' legend
Great-Horn Krushok①Perfectly suited for life in the Shifting Wastes, the krushok is well protected by its horn, its hide, and its temper.
Greataxe①"If you're so mighty, scaled one, then why are you dead?"
Greatbow Doyen①"My arrows will ever find you."
Greater Auramancy①"The wonders of Nyx do not belong solely to the gods."
Greater Auramancy①A delicate veil of glamers can prove as sturdy as iron.
Greater Basilisk①Bone, stone . . . both taste the same to a hungry basilisk.
Greater Forgeling①Few have seen the inner workings of Ravnica's furnaces, but neighboring districts catch brief glimpses in the horrors that escape the flames.
Greater Good①"There's wisdom to be gained in death-whether it be one's own or someone else's."↵-Jarad, Golgari Lich-Lord
Greater Good①"To examine the causes of life, we must first have recourse to death."↵-Mary Shelley, *Frankenstein*
Greater Good①"We have more sprouts than they have hands."↵-Gamelen, Citanul elder
Greater Mossdog①Man's best fungus.
Greater Sandwurm①A sandwurm can lie in wait beneath the sands for years until the slightest tremor alerts it to the presence of prey.
Greater Sandwurm①On Ikoria, sandwurms never lie dormant for too long. In some regions, "no activity" is the greatest sign of danger.
Greater Stone Spirit①Having charted their way up the difficult face, the two mountaineers had to contend with the mountain's decision to stand up.
Greater Tanuki①The kami permit few mortals to dwell in Jukai Forest, but the clever, playful tanuki are welcomed as friends and guardians.
Greater Werewolf①"The wolf-things are no mere beasts, but the lieutenants of the Baron."↵-Taysir
Greater Werewolf①"Two legs by day, four legs by night, eyes raging in storm-gotten might."↵-Ancient Northland riddle
Greatsword of Tyr①In the light of its gleaming blade, the faithful shine and the wicked cower.
Greatsword①The only blow that matters is the killing blow.
Greed①"There is no calamity greater than lavish desires. . . . And there is no greater disaster than greed."↵-*Tao Tê Ching 46*
Greed①"There is no calamity greater than lavish desires. There is no greater guilt than discontentment. And there is no greater disaster than greed."↵-Lao Tsu, *Tao Te Ching*, (trans. Chan)
Greed①"There is no calamity greater than lavish desires./ There is no greater guilt than discontentment./ And there is no greater disaster than greed." -*Tao Tê Ching 46*
Greed①A monster appeared! With a foul claw, it snatched the child and disappeared into the depths of the castle!
Greed①An advisor once asked the Western Paladin how much gold would be enough. "I have no need of fools who can imagine 'enough,'" he told the advisor's corpse.
Greed①What is a sliver of one's soul compared to unimaginable wealth?
Greel's Caress①Greel's grin is far less loathsome than his touch.
Greel, Mind Raker①"You're Latulla's gift to me, and I always play with my presents."
Green Dragon①Green dragons take special pleasure in corrupting the good-hearted.
Green Sun's Zenith①As the green sun crowned, Phyrexian prophecies glowed on the Tree of Tales.
Greenbelt Rampager①Subtlety is not a necessary part of sabotage.
Greenhilt Trainee①"Our ancestors adapted to this world of metal. Just as they did, we will adapt to this world of evil."
Greenseeker①"A rumor passes among the snakes, whispered by the rushes, inspiring the seekers: the goddess Freyalise is alive in Skyshroud."
Greenside Watcher①"The Izzet may incite war, but my duty is here. I will not abandon the wild."
Greenweaver Druid①The other tribes call them fanatics, but none deny that the Mul Daya elves have an iron-strong bond to some force greater than themselves.
Greenwheel Liberator①"I will not rest until every vestige of the Consulate-every banner, flag, and standard-has fallen."
Greenwood Sentinel①Within a mile of the woodland, you will feel her eyes upon you. Within its borders, you will feel her blade.
Grenzo's Cutthroat①"Their guards are soft, ready to welcome a sharp dagger."
Grenzo, Havoc Raiser①"You burn. I'll pillage."
Gretchen Titchwillow①"Plant what you wish to see grow. Listen for the stories you want to hear told."
Greven il-Vec①As a ruthless leader for Volrath, Greven *il*-Vec serves his lord by commanding the flying ship *Predator*. Greven has attained his powerful rank through a series of underhanded schemes and assassinations, the majority of which were blessed by Volrath himself.
Grey Knight Paragon①"Our will shall be our weapons, our faith shall be our armour."↵-Canticle of Absolution
Grid Monitor①The vedalken protect the Knowledge Pool at any cost.
Gridlock①"One tiny peg pulled from a single wagon wheel, and an entire district grinds to a halt."↵-Lazav
Griffin Aerie①When griffins started nesting atop the northern tower, the castellan worried they'd be a nuisance. Instead, they took the entire castle under their protection.
Griffin Canyon①"Where are falling feathers deadlier than falling rock?"↵-*The One Thousand Questions*
Griffin Dreamfinder①Some griffins are able to pluck mystic auras from the Æther that are hidden from other mortals.
Griffin Protector①"Here is a companion who will never falter, no matter how desperate the battle!"↵-Ajani Goldmane
Griffin Protector①Griffin flocks still patrol the skies above the Zhalfirin void, as though they are waiting for their old home to reappear.
Griffin Protector①The drums of war stir the hearts of all who fight for righteousness.
Griffin Rider①After fighting alongside the griffin riders, older knights of Thune learned to admire a mount that could rip an enemy to shreds in seconds.
Griffin Sentinel①Once a griffin sentinel adopts a territory as its own, only death can force it to betray its post.
Grim Affliction①Even the small wounds let hope bleed out.
Grim Backwoods①"I love what they've done with the place."↵-Liliana Vess
Grim Bounty①Freed from the need to pay tribute to the dragon, the villages gladly paid the dragon-slayers instead.
Grim Captain's Call①When the battle is over, the bitterest foes at last find common ground.
Grim Contest①The invader hoped he could survive the beast's jaws and emerge through its rotting skin.
Grim Discovery①Few among the living understand just how much of their world is shaped by the ruins of the dead.
Grim Draugr①She was a ragged shadow of her living form, but she had lost none of her deadly prowess.
Grim Feast①"Hmmm-midnight snack."
Grim Flowering①"Nothing in nature goes to waste, not even the rotting corpse of a good-for-nothing, blood-sucking vampire."↵-Halana of Ulvenwald
Grim Guardian①Occasionally the living wander to the Rivers, but the wardens of Athreos ensure that only the dead pass.
Grim Haruspex①"We all want to know what's going on in someone else's head. I simply open it up and look."
Grim Haruspex①"Your enemies may be cowardly, my lord, but one should never call them gutless."
Grim Initiate①Beneath each gleaming mineral shell rots a once-proud warrior of Amonkhet.
Grim Lavamancer①"Fools dig for water, corpses, or gold. The earth's real treasure is far deeper."
Grim Monolith①Part prison, part home.
Grim Physician①The Returned retain no memory of their identities, but sometimes they mindlessly attempt familiar tasks.
Grim Poppet①Beware a scarecrow bearing gifts-especially sloshing vessels of acid.
Grim Return①The necromancer's touch strips away memory and loyalty, and only strength and malice remain.
Grim Roustabout①He'll point you to your death row seats.
Grim Strider①"As a child I saw something walking in the distance, far beyond the Hekma-shadow-dark, and taller than the gods. Even now, it passes through my dreams."↵-Pytamun, initiate of Nef crop
Grim Tutor①As blood touched the empty page, it formed words that seared themselves into the wizard's mind.
Grim Tutor①One who goes unpunished never learns.↵-Greek proverb
Grim Tutor①You see a lock, I see an invitation.
Grim Tutor①nothing is sacred.
Grim Wanderer①There is a stillness that walks with him, the quiet that follows great tragedy, when even the mourners are too exhausted to weep.
Grimclaw Bats①Even on a world of metal, there are those who thirst for blood.
Grimclimb Pathway①"My mother wanted me to take over the family dry goods business, but no. I had to come here."↵-Yavotz, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Grimdancer①Most monsters are more frightening when they skitter unseen in the dark. Most.
Grime Gorger①Sometimes the trash throws you out.
Grimlock, Dinobot Leader①"Me Grimlock no like you."
Grimlock, Ferocious King①"Why you think Grimlock stupid? Me not stupid. Grimlock smartest Dinobot."
Grindclock①Pray you never hear it chime.
Grindstone①"All attempts to halt the machine failed. We must find a way to repurpose it."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Grindstone①"Memory is a burden that wears at the soul as weather wears at stone."↵-Crovax
Grindstone①Memory is a burden that wears at the soul as weather wears at stone.
Grinning Demon①It's drawn to the scent of screaming.
Grinning Ignus①"Take care what you offer the ignus. Food, perhaps. Coins. But nothing flammable!"↵-Stovic, village eccentric
Grinning Ignus①On rare occasions, a Prismari student will summon an elemental that shows such promise that it's permitted to stay and enroll.
Grip of Amnesia①"Would you abandon your past to save your future?"↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Grip of Chaos①When the world is consumed by chaos, the skilled and the foolish are on equal footing.
Grip of Desolation①As the hand closed, there was first terror, then numbness, and finally nothingness.
Grip of Phyresis①"Even your blade knows who will triumph here."↵-Atraxa, Praetors' Voice
Griptide①"Beware the seagrafs just off the shore. These waters are filled with hungry geists looking for an easy meal."↵-Captain Eberhart
Griptide①When the sea god Thassa wishes to speak with a mortal, she does not issue a summons or grant a vision requesting a visit. The sea simply brings her guest before her.
Griselbrand①"Avacyn emerged from the broken Helvault, but her freedom came at a price-him."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Griselbrand①Power over death was Griselbrand's gift. Liliana's formidable necromancy was now unparalleled.
Grisly Anglerfish①". . . it's that the lure of the sea is impossible to ignore."
Grisly Ritual①"You can always tell who's new from the screaming."↵-Tinua, Skirsdag cultist
Grisly Salvage①To the Golgari, anything buried is treasure.
Grisly Spectacle①"Watch people flock to a murder scene. Then tell me we're not all a little sick in the head."↵-Juri, proprietor of the Juri Revue
Grisly Survivor①No cartouches to earn. No afterlife to enter. Only the glory of a well-struck blow and the growing pile of felled enemies at her feet.
Gristle Grinner①"There it was, clawing the ice as it chittered and clicked its teeth. We fled in horror before it unearthed its grisly meal."↵-Aevar Borg, northern guide, journal entry
Gristleback①Loyal in battle, hearty in stew.
Grixis Battlemage①Vitals of Grixis who eschew undeath must scrape and scratch to retain their mortality. The result is a breed of inventive mages.
Grixis Charm①"So many choices. Shall I choose loathing, hate, or malice today?"↵-Eliza of the Keep
Grixis Illusionist①"It's simple, really. If they can't find us, they can't kill us."
Grixis Panorama①There is no height above Grixis that is free from the stench of death.
Grizzled Angler①"There's no question that these waters are treacherous, but if there's one thing I've learned in all my years of sailing . . ."
Grizzled Leotau①"There is no glory in a death of age, as even the leotau know. As winter steals into their coats, they seek the deadliest lands, that they may die as they lived."↵-Aarsil the Blessed
Grizzled Outcasts①Seen as unsavory, the hunters were never allowed in town-until one night they vanished.
Grizzled Outrider①"Sure, a horse might be faster. But I'd like to see a horse take the head clean off a troll in one swipe!"
Grizzled Wolverine①"Before you release a Wolverine from the trap, make sure it's really dead."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Grizzly Bears①"We cannot forget that among all of Dominaria's wonders, a system of life exists, with prey and predators that will never fight wars nor vie for ancient power."↵-Jolrael, empress of beasts
Grizzly Bears①Don't try to outrun one of Dominaria's grizzlies; it'll catch you, knock you down, and eat you. Of course, you could run up a tree. In that case you'll get a nice view before it knocks the tree down and eats you.
Grizzly Bears①Don't try to outrun one of Dominia's Grizzlies; it'll catch you, knock you down, and eat you. Of course, you could run up a tree. In that case you'll get a nice view before it knocks the tree down and eats you.
Grizzly Bears①Don't worry about provoking grizzly bears; they come that way.
Grizzly Bears①They've got claws as long as your arm. And they're grouchy. Really, really grouchy.
Grizzly Ghoul①The hunters spent the evening celebrating their kill and the rest of the night running from it.
Groffskithur①It growls not to threaten, but to summon.
Grollub①Mogglings caught in a misdeed often blame the grollub. Even though the creature is usually innocent, no taskmaster can resist an excuse to beat it.
Grotag Bug-Catcher①"Everybody grab a leg!"
Grotag Night-Runner①Naturally inquisitive and adaptable, goblins can turn their small stature to their advantage as rogues.
Grotag Siege-Runner①"I don't think he's bringing in the mail . . . ."↵-Nundari, Sea Gate militia captain
Grotag Thrasher①The goblin fancied himself a rider. The lizard was happy with its new flail.
Grotesque Demise①"A debtor's soul has little value, except as a warning to others who might consider defaulting on their loans."↵-Ubea, Orzhov ministrant
Ground Assault①"Taking down a dragon is easy. All you need is enough space to get in a good swing."↵-Narbulg Nine Fingers
Ground Pounder①People came from miles away just to see the head of the hammer.
Ground Rift①Some time rifts didn't take away the people but just the ground they stood on.
Ground Seal①"Let all we have buried be buried forever."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Groundbreaker①The earth's memory is long, its retribution brief.
Grounded①"We've tracked Ludevic's monster across four provinces. When it lands, make sure it stays put."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig, to Halana of Ulvenwald
Groundling Pouncer①Endry was determined to teach his groundlings a few winged-faerie tricks.
Groundskeeper①"Soldiers speak of defending the soil, but they care only for their nations. I care nothing for their nations and everything for the soil."
Groundskeeper①"While the church thinks in terms of legacies, others think in terms of eternities."
Groundskeeper①Whereas the rebels fight to defend the land, they work to renew it.
Groundswell①"This world will not be tamed."
Grove Rumbler①"The land will not wait for the enemy to arrive."↵-Nissa Revane
Grove of the Burnwillows①Spring is the most beautiful season in the grove, when the new leaves open from their ember-buds in a race of leaping flames.
Grovetender Druids①"The seedlings scream for us to loose them upon the Eldrazi, and we shall oblige."
Growing Ranks①"We will grow an army large enough to withstand the Izzet's madness."↵-Trostani
Growth Cycle①"Shed your faded husk! Emerge sleeker and stronger!"↵-Tyris, fauna shaman
Growth Spiral①"I've gleaned greater insight from the spiraling of a single fern than I have from all the books I've ever read."↵-Kianne, Quandrix dean
Growth Spiral①Cyclical and spiral patterns are the specialty of the Gyre Clade, which seeks to revitalize the cycles of nature.
Growth Spurt①MORE TO LOVE: Friendly, nature-loving, Bunyonesque SEM seeks SEF looking for a huge commitment. . . . seeks atog prince
Grudge Keeper①"Your defiance is noted."
Gruesome Deformity①She wanted to inspire terror wherever she went. The demons happily granted her wish.
Gruesome Fate①"You were keen enough to sink your fangs into us, vampire! And now you're afraid of a few little nibbles?"↵-Udvil "Ratty" Ratlock
Gruesome Menagerie①"Variety is also the spice of death."↵-Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Gruesome Scourger①His whips twist and tremble like living things, moved by the fury of the horde he commands.
Gruesome Slaughter①Though Gideon arrived at Sea Gate too late to prevent the massacre, he still had enough time to lead its survivors to relative safety.
Grumgully, the Generous①"Does it matter what it is? Take it and be grateful!"
Gruul Charm①"Not Gruul? Then die!"↵-Borborygmos
Gruul Cluestone①Forgotten under rocks and vines, Gruul symbols mark the sites of primitive rituals where shamans once chanted to the wild.
Gruul Guildgate①"Beyond this gate there are no citizens, only predators and prey."↵-Domri Rade
Gruul Guildgate①"Old turf. Powerful turf. Much good blood spilled here."↵-Ruric Thar
Gruul Guildgate①Enter and leave the shackles of society behind.
Gruul Guildgate①The scarred rubble around the gate is testament to past meetings of the Clans, summits that inevitably devolved into brawls.
Gruul Keyrune①As perilous and unpredictable as the wilds themselves.
Gruul Locket①"In life, it was a cunning survivor, fearless and quick. May its power pass to you as you wear its skull."↵-Gna, Gruul shaman
Gruul Nodorog①Petting the nodorog↵-Gruul expression meaning "making a really big mistake"
Gruul Ragebeast①"If the other guilds want a war, they should know we've been ready the whole time."↵-Ruric Thar, Ghor-Clan chieftain
Gruul Scrapper①The Gruul aren't satisfied with just smashing things. They continue smashing other things with the things they just smashed.
Gruul Signet①Gruul territorial markings need not be legible. The blood, snot, and muck used to smear them are unmistakably Gruul.
Gruul Spellbreaker①She displays her scars with pride.
Gruul War Chant①"We are the heart of the wild, the fire in its eyes, and the howl in its throat. Come, join the battle to which you were born."↵-Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Gruul War Plow①"Steering apparatus?! What for? Rip it out, sharpen it, and lash it to the front!"↵-Ktank, Gruul plowmaster
Gryff Rider①"Keep your heels down and bend at the hips as your mount takes flight. She'll do the rest."↵-Anders, cathar drillmaster
Gryff Vanguard①"Ghouls smashed the door, but I heard the call of the gryffs and knew we were saved."↵-Ekka, shopkeeper of Hanweir
Guan Yu's ⓪≚≚≚≚≚≙≚≙≙≙-Li March①"He Guan Yu covered the ground on a thousand-li horse;/ With dragon blade he took each pass by force."
Guan Yu's ⓪≚≚≚≚≚≙≚≙≙≙-Li March①"He [Guan Yu] covered the ground on a thousand-*li* horse; / With dragon blade he took each pass by force."
Guard Dogs①"A good guard is alert. A great guard is also loyal."↵-Benalish kennelmaster
Guard Duty①"I was told these were standard issue. Do I look standard to you?"
Guard Gomazoa①It lingers near the outposts of the Makindi Trenches, inadvertently granting another layer of defense.
Guardian Augmenter①After years of research, he finally unlocked the formula for a perfect punch.
Guardian Automaton①The wealthy in the city of Ghirapur outfit their lives with grand machines, entrusting even their children to filigree and gears.
Guardian Gladewalker①The raiders' only warning was a whisper floating through the mist: "Trespassers."
Guardian Kirin①Followed the kirin↵-Ojutai expression meaning↵"died a hero's death"
Guardian Lions①Approach in peace or not at all.
Guardian Project①Simic's strength comes from its diversity.
Guardian Seraph①Her gaze prevents the petty sins and her sword punishes the rest.
Guardian of Cloverdell①Although they're protective of all creatures, many treefolk are especially fond of the empathic kithkin.
Guardian of Pilgrims①Immune to the physical warping caused by Emrakul, geists proved to be some of humanity's most important allies.
Guardian of Solitude①"It seemed an easy thing, to step into the nothingness, to fall, to die. But then, for an instant, I saw it, eyes filled with endless sorrow, and I turned back to face my pain."↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Guardian of Vitu-Ghazi①It stands sentinel to the great City-Tree, home of the Selesnya Conclave.
Guardian of the Ages①"At my feet, invasions end."↵-Statue inscription
Guardian of the Guildpact①The magic of the Guildpact gives aegis to the spirits pressed into its service. Upon entering the afterlife, they find new focus and are charged with defending the Guildpact against those who would see it broken.
Guardian's Magemark①The soldier moved with fluid poise, his awareness extending far beyond five senses.
Guardians of Akrasa①"Only by the bravery of those who put loyalty above glory is our home kept safe."↵-Elspeth
Guardians of Akrasa①"Only by the bravery of those who put loyalty above glory is our home kept safe."↵-Elspeth Tirel
Guardians of Koilos①Archaeologists depend on automatons inspired by their previous discoveries at Koilos to guard the excavations.
Guardians of Meletis①The histories speak of two feuding rulers whose deaths were celebrated and whose monuments symbolized the end of their wars. In truth they were peaceful lovers, their story lost to the ages.
Guardians of Oboro①"The palace is closed to outsiders."
Guardians' Pledge①A dozen fighting for each other are worth a thousand fighting for themselves.
Gudul Lurker①The small are mostly ignored by dragons.
Guided Strike①"If you can kill your enemy with the first stroke, you save yourself the labor of the second."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Guided Strike①"May the Ancestor strengthen my hand and guide my blade."↵-Nomad war prayer
Guiding Spirit①"Retainer of eternal Sun! Life flash again upon thy wings."↵-"Song to the Sun," Femeref song
Guiding Voice①When honormancers work together, their compliments are complementary.
Guild Artisan①Your discerning eye for value makes you nearly impossible to swindle.
Guild Globe①"Hopefully Ravnica will prove harder to break."↵-Karn
Guild Summit①In a climate of suspicion, Isperia gathered the guilds to propose a radical idea: cooperation.
Guild Thief①She puts some coin in the Guild's pocket and sends a message at the same time.
Guildpact Informant①"Of course you're being followed!"
Guildscorn Ward①"The Gateless have risen. The Ten shall fall."↵-Ninth District graffiti
Guildsworn Prowler①"Of course it's part of my plan. Who do you think started the bar fight?"
Guilty Conscience①Those who most feel guilt don't need to, while those who most need to feel guilt never do.↵-Order proverb
Guise of Fire①"Fire will eventually destroy a zombie, but a fiery zombie destroys a lot of other things first."↵-Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Gulf Squid①If it could capture the power it wastes, it would be invincible.
Guma①When the giant returned for the night, he found a dead merfolk on his pillow. Although he praised the little guma, he inwardly wondered where she had hid the head.
Gurmag Angler①If everything in the Gurmag Swamp hungers for human flesh, what bait could be more effective?
Gurmag Swiftwing①"Anything a falcon can do, a bat can do in pitch darkness."↵-Urdnan the Wanderer
Gush①Don't trust your secrets to the sea.
Gust Walker①"I'm never unarmed."
Gust of Wind①Skysail's strength was also its vulnerability.
Gust-Skimmer①Phyrexian smog clouds choked the skies, threatening creatures who couldn't comprehend the menace below.
Gustcloak Harrier①Banking steeply, the aven streaked toward the ground-and vanished.
Gustcloak Runner①Cabal spies trying to follow the Order's movements are constantly frustrated by tracks that stop dead.
Gustcloak Savior①"Our death-arrows flew in high arcs towards the aven. And then . . . nothing."↵-Coliseum guard
Gustcloak Sentinel①Entire platoons have mysteriously vanished from battle, leaving enemy weapons to slice through empty air.
Gustcloak Skirmisher①They're trained in the art of pressing their luck.
Gustrider Exuberant①"The elves claim the canopy. The nacatl claim the mountains. I suppose you think we ought to stay on the jungle floor?"
Gus①"Now I lay me down to sleep-↵What are *you* starin' at?"
Gut Shot①"Down here, we have a more pointed version of the scriptures."↵-Urabrask's enforcer
Gutless Ghoul①"Make sure those wretches feed only upon the plagued. The blood of the healthy is reserved for me alone."↵-Garza Zol, plague queen
Gutter Shortcut①Some people take that as inspiration.
Gutter Skulker①Geists have a knack for showing up wherever they're least expected.
Gutter Skulk①Upon finding his warehouse infested, Gaven didn't know whether to get an exterminator or an exorcist.
Gutterbones①"Down here, things don't stay dead."↵-Lavinia
Guttersnipe①"I found a new toy. Wanna play?"
Guttersnipe①He wants to watch Ravnica burn, one soul at a time.
Guttural Response①A savage cry with the power to shatter minds.
Guttural Response①Wort had a raiding-bellow that could shatter steel, melt auras, and slice countermagic in half.
Gutwrencher Oni①"Blood drips. Blood sings. Blood devours all and only blood remains."↵-Ogre chant
Guul Draz Mucklord①Death comes in many forms on Guul Draz, most of them slow, subtle, and agonizing. At least a monstrous crocodile offers a swift death.
Guul Draz Vampire①"A creature's bloodscent is a beacon that cannot be disguised."
Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer①"Everyone has a price."
Gwendlyn Di Corci①Urborg became the final resting place of many swordsmen of renown, their steel outmatched by the wiles of Gwendlyn.
Gyre Engineer①"As I contemplate what is, I dive ever deeper into the depths of possibility. Then I set an experiment in motion and watch the truth rise to the surface."
Haazda Exonerator①"This aura threatens the sanctity of your soul. Wrenching it free won't be easy on either of us. If you're ready, we'll begin."
Haazda Marshal①Ravnica's convoluted power structure often boils down to who can muster the most swords on a given block.
Haazda Officer①"You two, cover the alley! You, with me! Eyes on windows, balconies, and rooftops. Who knows what a fish-octopus-crab can do!"
Haazda Shield Mate①The Haazda shield is broad, protecting both the free and the guilded.
Haazda Snare Squad①They've been probation officers, army grunts, bounty hunters-anything to make their district safer.
Haberthrasher①"Brims" Barone's enforcers are always dressed to kill.
Hackrobat①"They all want to see me fall."
Hada Freeblade①"I toiled in Kazuul's mines when I was eight. I think I'm tough enough for a little hiking."
Hadana's Climb①Hadana seeks power in the service of peace.
Haggle①"Buying old, worn out junk. Selling marvels of real value."
Haggle①"Buying old, worn-out junk. Selling marvels of real value."
Hagi Mob①"Graarg!"
Hagra Broodpit①"I think we somehow got turned around."↵-Doros, expedition guide
Hagra Crocodile①The creatures of Zendikar are opportunists, eating whatever is available to them. Like goblins. Or boats.
Hagra Diabolist①"When exploring the darkest regions, wickedness can be the best accomplice of all."
Hagra Mauling①"Din, turn around! Now!"↵-Doros, expedition guide
Hagra Sharpshooter①"It's hard to find their weak points, but I very much enjoy the discovery process."
Hail Storm①"If they can't take the hail, they'd better stay home."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skycaptain
Hail Storm①"If they can't take the hail, they'd better stay home."↵-Arna Kennerud, skycaptain
Hail of Arrows①"Do not let a single shaft loose until my word. And when I give that word, do not leave a single shaft in Eiganjo."↵-General Takeno
Hailstorm Valkyrie①When the path to Starnheim was opened, vengeance rained down upon the enemies of Bretagard.
Hair-Strung Koto①"The Kami War drove many members of Konda's court insane. As their spiritual world turned against them, so too did their minds turn from reality."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Hakka, Whispering Raven①Alrund's raven soars between realms; no secret is beyond his grasp.
Haktos the Unscarred①"Many have sought my weakness. All have failed."
Halberdier①His reputation precedes him-and so does his weapon.
Halcyon Glaze①"Earth to aether, window to wonder, stillness to the sky."↵-Glazing incantation
Half-Elf Monk①This fight was over the moment you picked up that clumsy cleaver of a sword.
Halfdane①Hail from Tolaria the ever changing 'Dane.
Halimar Tidecaller①"Quiet the waves? Why would I want to do that?"
Hall Monitor①"No unauthorized summoning. No writing in the library books. And absolutely no indoor dueling!"
Hall of Heliod's Generosity①The stronghold of Theros's light.
Hall of Mirrors①"Finally! Something that can capture all my good angles."↵-Captain Rex Nebula
Hall of Mirrors①For a smaller fee, you can pop in quickly to try on a pair of jeans.
Hall of Triumph①Heroes act without thought of glory or reward. Accolades are a consequence, not a goal.
Hallowed Burial①"I'd rather hear the screams of battle than the quiet that follows."↵-Talara, elvish safewright
Hallowed Fountain①A place to relax, if you have the proper permit.
Hallowed Fountain①The ever-watchful center of a growing web of eyes.
Hallowed Fountain①Two statues stand watch over the entrance to Valor's Reach, celebrating its twin founders-and its first champions.
Hallowed Ground①"On this site where Kjeld's blood was spilled, let none raise a fist or deny a beggar."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Hallowed Ground①"On this site where Kjeld's blood was spilled, let none raise a fist or deny a beggar."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Hallowed Moonlight①Creatures of darkness instinctively hide from the light.
Hallow①"Bend with the storm, then reply in kind."
Halo Hunter①Hanging on the walls of his lair, the fallen halos cast his depravity in everlasting light.
Halo Scarab①It pulses with the colors that best complement the wearer's outfit.
Halt Order①An artificer's least favorite mind-missive may be "I regret to inform you that the funding for your project has been cut."
Hama Pashar, Ruin Seeker①"Someone took the time to carve these inscriptions. The least we can do is care enough to read them."
Hamlet Captain①"Bloodsuckers, howlers, monsters from the beyond . . . it doesn't much matter. I won't have to face them alone."
Hamlet Captain①"I would fear this fight, bloodsucker, were I alone."
Hamletback Goliath①"If you live on a giant's back, there's only one individual you'll ever need to fear."↵-Gaddock Teeg
Hammer Dropper①Giants know a solid hit is one part strength, four parts leverage.
Hammer Helper①"Need a hammer? Gotta get your fix? I know a guy."
Hammer Mage①When he's holding the hammers, everything looks like a nail.
Hammer of Purphoros①All the world is Purphoros's anvil.
Hammer of Ruin①By hammer forged, and by hammer undone.
Hammerfest Boomtacular①It's less "music" and more "straightforward hearing damage."
Hammerfist Giant①"Oh sure, they buy a lot of ale, but I always find myself needing to rebuild after the giants have paid a visit."↵-Belko, owner of Titan's Keg tavern
Hammerhead Shark①Cross the eyes of a hammerhead and you'll dot its teeth.
Hammerheim①"'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view,/ And robes the mountain in its azure hue." -Thomas Campbell, "Pleasures of Hope"
Hammerheim①"'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view,/ And robes the mountain in its azure hue."↵-Thomas Campbell, "Pleasures of Hope"
Hampering Snare①"I want it to look me in the eyes and know the face of the man who put it down."↵-Kelsien, the Plague
Hamza, Guardian of Arashin①"I stand with every member of my clan, and they stand with me."
Hana Kami①It grew in lands lit by pride and watered by tears.
Hanabi Blast①The most powerful of akki fire spells were developed at the cost of blood, toil, tears, sweat, and usually a nose or two.
Hand of Cruelty①"The sword is just a tool. It is the samurai's hand that delivers death."
Hand of Death①Death claims all but the darkest souls.
Hand of Death①The touch of death is never gentle.
Hand of Emrakul①"I believed in a beautiful god. But this is the true face of the divine."↵-Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Hand of Enlightenment①"We have endured lifetimes of war and carved our way to peace by blade and conquest. Now, united at last under Kyodai's guidance, we lay down our weapons and open our minds."↵-Aoha, general of the First Emperor
Hand of Honor①"The sword is just a tool. It is the samurai's hand that brings it to life."
Hand of Justice①"The Hand of Justice will come to cleanse the world if we are true."↵-Oliver Farrel
Hand of Silumgar①Silumgar trains those whom he favors in his magic, granting them the ability to spread his disdain across the land.
Hand to Hand①The match between Tahngarth and Greven was close only in the mind of the minotaur.
Handcuffs①"That was fun! Now me."↵-Gwendlyn Di Corci
Handy Dandy Clone Machine①Early testing failed because the clones were all thumbs.
Hanna's Custody①"I protect the Legacy with my life if necessary, for its purpose is far more important than my own."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Hanna, Ship's Navigator①"I never thought I'd spend my life fighting. I'm a maker, not a destroyer."
Hanna①Educated in Argive and highly knowledgeable in the field of artifacts, this expert navigator of the *Weatherlight* believes that scholarship does not necessarily lead to understanding. Her diligence in pursuing both is her greatest asset.
Hans Eriksson①"Nothing could ruin such a fine day, Saffi."
Hanweir Garrison①"We're ready for anything!"
Hanweir Militia Captain①Her reputation inspires both loyalty and adoration.
Hanweir Watchkeep①He scans for wolves, knowing there's one he can never anticipate.
Hapatra's Mark①"If you fear poisons, it is because you are ignorant of them."↵-Hapatra, vizier of poisons
Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons①Her subtle smile is suffused with venom.
Hapless Researcher①Scholars possess such lofty knowledge that it shouldn't be surprising when they fall.
Harabaz Druid①"I care nothing for treasure. The land beckons me, and I cannot rest until my feet have touched every inch of it."
Harbinger of Night①Embrace the Harbinger↵-Suq'Ata expression meaning "abandon hope"
Harbinger of the Hunt①An Atarka dragon's exhale cooks what its inhale consumes.
Harbor Bandit①He always drops a little trinket into the bay as thanks to the merfolk who taught him all his best tricks.
Harbor Guardian①"Our guardian levies a tax on all traders. Wise travelers pay with a minimum of fuss."↵-Qhattib, Vizier of Amiqat
Harbor Serpent①Like most giant monsters villagers worship as gods, it proves a fickle master.
Hard Cover①A good book is a refuge, but a great book is a fortress.
Hard Evidence①The investigator felt a pinch on his ankle. When he looked down, something glittered in the sand.
Hardened Berserker①"Just let him loose and follow the charge."↵-Yikaro, Atarka warrior
Hardened Scales①"Naga shed their scales. We wear ours with pride."↵-Golran, dragonscale captain
Hardened Scales①"They're herbivores, not prey animals. Go startle one if you want to know the difference."↵-Huatli
Hardened Scales①As the fusillade of lasgun fire bounced harmlessly off the carnifex's carapace, the creature roared and advanced.
Hardened-Scale Armor①A pangolin's scales are resistant to all sorts of damage and weaponry. Desire for them threatens to drive the pangolin to extinction.
Hardy Outlander①You're a born explorer, happiest forging your way through the untamed wilds.
Hardy Veteran①For the Sun Empire, the Immortal Sun is a symbol of national identity. When they reclaim it, the Empire will flourish once more.
Harm's Way①Even when fate is already written, there's always time to change the names.
Harmattan Efreet①"One moment I was walking along the beach, and the next I was high in the air, staring into a hideous smiling face."↵-Tarub, Suq'Ata sailor
Harmless Assault①After encasing it in a paralyzing beam of light, the angel studied the Eldrazi as a child would study a bug, curiously and without fear.
Harmless Offering①"Such an adorable face!"
Harmonic Convergence①When the eternal stars align, can mere mortals resist?
Harmonic Prodigy①Each note strikes with deadly precision.
Harmonic Prodigy①Focus: The musician-wizard.
Harmonic Sliver①"Since the last sliver arrived, even our mightiest relics splinter into shards as soon as we bring them against the hive."↵-Llanach, Skyshroud ranger
Harmonious Archon①First among equals.
Harmonious Emergence①Where the spirit and mortal realms overlap, the laws of reality are rewritten.
Harmonize①"Animals commune with their environment without the need for language. Theirs is a fundamental connection that surpasses flimsy words."↵-Vivien Reid
Harmonize①"Life's greatest lessons don't come from focus or concentration. They come from breathing and simply noticing."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Harmonize①"The bloody din of invasion faded↵And silent song rang through the woods again."↵-"Song of Freyalise"
Harmonize①"Words lie. People lie. The land tells the truth."
Harness Infinity①"As I stepped into the star arch, it all became perfectly clear. Life and death are not opposites, but an endless path, twisting around and back upon itself, never ending and never beginning."↵-Zhaer, professor of biophilosophy
Harness the Storm①"There is no place like a rooftop laboratory in a lightning storm. It's where genius strikes."↵-Renna, Selhoff alchemist
Harnfel, Horn of Bounty①Like her well of stories, Birgi's horn never runs dry.
Harpoon Sniper①Made from whiskergill bones, merrow spinebows can fire bolts through tree trunks.
Harrier Griffin①Moon Market merchants sell a bottled scent to cutpurses and other criminals. Those doused in the liquid become "griffin bait."
Harrier Naga①She trusts that the potent poisons of her darts will reach the enemy before the enemy reaches her.
Harrowing Journey①"There are always fools who attempt to traverse Kruin Pass before sundown and every time they wind up in a race for their lives."↵-Old Rutstein
Harrow①Changing Rath's landscape is like tearing the scab from a wound.
Harrow①No spot in nature is truly barren.
Harrow①The Roil redraws the world as it passes, leaving only the hedrons unchanged.
Harrow①With each defeat, the hive learns. With each victory, it grows.
Harsh Judgment①"At least they remember me."↵-Gerrard
Harsh Mentor①"Fight through it."
Harsh Mercy①"There is no greater burden than choosing who to save."↵-Kamahl, druid acolyte
Harsh Scrutiny①"If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear."↵-Enforcer-Chief Ranaj
Harsh Sustenance①The Shifting Wastes provide refuge to those who know where to look for it.
Harvest Gwyllion①She speaks only in vile epithets, spitting out curses and obscenities that harm others just by the hearing.
Harvest Hand①The harvest is never finished.
Harvest Mage①"Why should one limit oneself to the resources at hand?"
Harvest Pyre①Corpses destroyed by fire form the most destructive geists.
Harvest Season①A true reflection of nature: death fostering life.
Harvest Wurm①The wurm's weave↵-Elvish expression meaning "plowed fields"
Harvester Druid①"In the end, the same soil lies atop the field, within the mountain, and under the sea."
Harvester Troll①Having no interest in the greater conflict, the trolls continue to prey upon whatever wanders into their domain.
Harvester of Souls①"He is judge, jury, and executioner because he killed them all."↵-Bishop Cawle of Elgaud
Harvester of Souls①"The entire parish is gone. This was no execution. This was a massacre."↵-Bishop Cawle of Elgaud
Harvestguard Alseids①Not all shields are forged of iron or bronze.
Harvesttide Assailant①When Tovolar's howl sounded from the woods, it was answered from the heart of the festival.
Harvesttide Infiltrator①He was one masked stranger among many. Blending in was child's play.
Harvesttide Sentry①She patrols the darkness so that others can forget their worries for one bright evening.
Hat Trick①"Behold the power of my hat and the ghosts of two other hats I used to own!"
Hatchet Bully①"It's not much for eating, but I think we can find somethin' to do with it."
Hatching Plans①So wondrous to behold, so delicate and finely crafted-and yet, such a pleasure to smash.
Hate Mirage①A trick of the light, though momentary, can still be deadly.
Hate Weaver①"Let my hate fuel your fury."
Hateflayer①It has no safe side.
Hateful Eidolon①From the echoes of a violent life, a terrible foe is born.
Hatred①"I will flay the skin from your flesh and the flesh from your bones and scrape your bones dry. And still you will not have suffered enough."↵-Greven *il*-Vec, to Gerrard
Haughty Djinn①"I adore your outfit. It's so . . . rustic."
Haunted Cloak①Bear the weight of so many spirits and you'll surrender civility and restraint to savagery and instinct.
Haunted Crossroads①It seemed as if no one wanted them to reach the Henge of Ramos-not even the dead.
Haunted Fengraf①A ghoulcaller's playground.
Haunted Guardian①"Drain the victim's blood, sell the corpse, and use the soul on guard duty. No muss, no fuss, no problems."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Haunted House①Putting the "oo" in "spooky" and the "fun" in "no refunds!"
Haunted House①To build Sorin's Haunted Mansion, every detail of Markov Manor was painstakingly recreated, from the floating laser ghosts to the robot space gargoyles.
Haunted Library①The library of Moormanor had been open to all before the Travails, and it continues to attract curious visitors.
Haunted Mire①Some of the nature spirits and wraiths that haunt Urborg take offense at the term "ghost town."
Haunted Ridge①Swirling eddies of ash hide crumbling cliffs, treacherous drops, and the slavering maws of unknown evils.
Haunter of Nightveil①The Dimir employ the spirits of Ravnica's ancient, nameless dead, guiding their malevolence toward selected victims.
Haunting Apparition①Like some foul herdbeast, it grazes on the dead.
Haunting Figment①Some bad dreams stay with you forever.
Haunting Hymn①The hymn's melody has persisted since Tourach's time, but the words changed to invoke the phobias of each listener.
Haunting Misery①"I am condemned without end."↵-Crovax
Haunting Wind①These devices lured so many spirits that sometimes entire battlefields would become haunted at once.
Havengul Laboratory①"Today, we make history. Today, we make contact."↵-Dr. Martin Brenner
Havengul Lich①Fusing intelligence with the power of undeath requires inspiration of the darkest kind.
Havengul Runebinder①"So many corpses, so little time."
Havengul Skaab①An abomination so violent that the other fiends tremble at the sight of it.
Havengul Vampire①"That slowly decreasing pulse-that's the beat I waltz to."
Havenwood Wurm①Time rifts bring tunneling beasts of old into the hard, dry earth of the present. Most die there, trapped, but the mightiest burst through the surface.
Havoc Demon①A cry of pain as it enters this world. A chorus of screams as it leaves.
Havoc Devils①For devils, burning things is the highest form of comedy, diversion, and artistic expression.
Havoc Festival①"We can't control enemies who have no regard for their own survival."↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Havoc Jester①To the Rakdos, screams of delight and screams of terror are one and the same.
Havoc Sower①It grew with a terrible swiftness.
Havoc①As Orim put the lightning rod into place on the bow, she cast a spell of protection to shield herself from the heat. That's when the Furnace got personal.
Hawkeater Moth①Each day at dusk the birds above the canopy grow silent.
Hazardous Conditions①"There are many reasons we invent, of which survival is not the least."
Hazduhr the Abbot①"Soon, Serra will return and choose the Abbot's successor, else we are lost."↵-Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Haze Frog①Its breath leaves its prey too drowsy to struggle.
Haze of Pollen①Few can overcome an assault of such aggressive serenity.
Hazerider Drake①"The hazerider danced in the thunderstorm and sang to its music."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Hazoret's Favor①Hazoret's gift is bestowed only once.
Hazoret's Monument①"The worthy shall rush to the God-Pharaoh's side with relentless zeal, rising to overcome every obstacle."↵-Monument inscription
Hazy Homunculus①They hide in dreams and whispers and faraway thoughts.
Headless Horseman①". . . The ghost rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head . . . he sometimes passes along the Hollow, like a midnight blast . . ." -Washington Irving, *The Legend of Sleepy Hollow*
Headless Horseman①". . . [T]he ghost rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head . . . he sometimes passes along the Hollow, like a midnight blast . . ."↵-Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
Headless Rider①He wanders the Moorlands hoping to one day chop off a head worthy of replacing his own.
Headless Skaab①A head is a needless encumbrance when muscle is all that's required.
Headless Specter①No tongue to chant, yet the forsaken hymn still emanates from its body.
Headlong Rush①A landslide of goblins poured toward the defenders-tumbling, rolling, and bouncing their way down the steep hillside.
Headstone①"Your headstone is the last page in the book of your life."↵-Murat, Death Speaker
Headstrong Brute①"Watch your backs, keep your blades at hand, and let the orc go first!"↵-Captain Brandis Thorn
Headwater Sentries①"The elders say that if the intruders discovered the secret of the golden city, it would mean an end to our people."
Heal the Scars①Elvish battle-magic has evolved two specialties: inflicting wounds that scar, and healing wounds without scarring. Politics determines the recipients of each.
Healer of the Glade①"Grief and rage and nightmares fade↵Where hope and comfort make their stand."↵-*Lament for Bala Ged*, stanza 4
Healer of the Pride①"No life is without meaning. No living thing is too small to be strong."
Healer's Flock①The sight of a flock overhead is bittersweet. It means many are wounded, but it also means help is on the way.
Healer's Hawk①The wounded see the glow of its vials long before they see its wings diving out of the clouds.
Healing Grace①"Whatever faith you have in Serra, she has more in you."↵-Lyra Dawnbringer
Healing Hands①The ethereal touch brings relief. The physical touch brings peace.
Healing Leaves①The elves of Llanowar don't trust in alchemy. They rely instead on pure herbs harvested from the forest's sacred heart.
Healing Salve①"The Femeref look only to the Sun for healing; they have never truly understood life's cycle."↵-Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Healing Salve①"Xantcha is recovering. The medicine is slow, but my magic would have killed her."↵-Serra, to Urza
Heal①"Sometimes even the smallest boon can save a life."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Heal①"Sometimes even the smallest boon can save a life."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Heap Doll①"I know one night it won't come back. Then I'll know it's truly done its job."↵-Braenna, cobblesmith
Heart Sliver①Gerrard looked all around for the source of the mysterious pulse, and at that moment the slivers boiled forth from the crevasses.
Heart Warden①"In Llanowar, we tend the forest's boughs and branches. In Yavimaya, we are a part of them."↵-Rofellos of Llanowar
Heart of Light①"There is a shining in the mortal heart that even the kami cannot reach."↵-Sensei Golden-Tail
Heart of Light①For those who reach enlightenment, violence is an unnecessary distraction.
Heart of Ramos①Ramos bled, and there was fire.
Heart's Desire①His mind chose solitude, but his heart disagreed.
Heart-Piercer Bow①Designed by an ancient artificer, the finest Mardu bows are carved from dragon bone and strung with the wind itself.
Heartbeat of Spring①"It is true that we monks hold the key to paradise, but most don't understand that the paradise we guard is the one within."↵-Diary of Azusa
Heartbeat of Spring①"You were right, Ixalan is a paradise," said Saheeli. "Mostly because you're here."
Heartfire Immolator①"I'd rather go out in a blaze of glory than fade away and be forgotten."
Heartfire①The mage looked within and realized there was still one piece of fuel to burn.
Hearth Kami①"Every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. Given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold."↵-Sensei Hisoka
Hearthcage Giant①The flamekin are mere kindling for his warmth.
Hearthfire Hobgoblin①Hobgoblins are best left alone. They sharpen their farm implements far more than is necessary for their work in the fields.
Heartless Act①"It's them or us."↵-General Kudro
Heartless Hidetsugu①Hidetsugu held over a dozen oni in blood oath. At his touch, rocks scorched. At his word, cities burned.
Heartless Summoning①"They won't be winning any beauty pageants, but they'll do the trick."↵-Enslow, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Heartstone①"Finding a true heartstone is even harder than finding a true heart."↵-Hanna
Heartstone①"Finding a true heartstone is even harder than finding a true heart."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Heartwarming Redemption①Kytheon had known war every day of his life. Now he finally knew peace.
Heartwood Dryad①To snare what lies between worlds takes the patient reach of trees.
Heartwood Giant①Wind in the trees is soothing, but the same can't be said for trees on the wind.
Heartwood Shard①Like all other relics, it was left on the Radix by the elves to be destroyed. Unlike all other relics, it persisted.
Heartwood Storyteller①His roots reach deep, nurtured not by soil and rain, but by millennia of experience.
Heartwood Treefolk①"In all my years in Llanowar I never understood where trees fit in. They are revered by elves and watered on by dogs."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Heat Ray①"There was clearly a scream. I'm not sure if there was a mouth."↵-Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Heat Ray①It's not known whether the Thran built the device to forge their wonders or to defend them.
Heat Shimmer①"Better to flare out than to gutter."↵-Flamekin expression
Heat Stroke①"Stroke of heat or stroke of blade. Choose your fate, traitor."↵-Maraxus of Keld, to Starke
Heat of Battle①"Takara, it's me!" shouted Starke. It was no use-she obeyed Volrath.
Heated Debate①"While you were wasting time with abstract equations, I mastered ancient Oggyar fire magic. Your move."
Heavenly Qilin①It strides through the universe as though stepping on the stars, crossing freely between the celestial and earthly worlds.
Heavy Ballista①"Archers, ballistae-you can't even get near the island of Avenant."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Heavy Ballista①"Soldiers wear down and enemies collapse-but the ballista never tires."↵-Ballista captain
Heavy Infantry①Doors, walls, skulls . . . it matters not. All barriers will be broken.
Heckling Fiends①Their language may be a cacophonous agglomeration of chittering snorts and mad barking, but the message they send is all too clear.
Hedge Troll①His abode was clean and bare, not a morsel in sight. I asked him what he ate, fearing the answer. He smiled and said his faith alone sustained him.
Hedgewitch's Mask①In Kessig, even celebration wears a fearsome face.
Hedron Archive①"You've begun to understand the hedrons' true purpose," said Ugin. "The Eldrazi can be imprisoned.""And how did that work out last time?" asked Jace.
Hedron Archive①"You've begun to understand the hedrons' true purpose," said Ugin. "The Eldrazi can be imprisoned."↵"And how did that work out last time?" asked Jace.
Hedron Archive①The vaults of the Necron Dynasties contain all manner of esoteric artifacts, most forged long before many of the younger races even existed.
Hedron Crab①Hedrons perplex minds both great and small.
Hedron Crawler①"It's endearing, in a mystical, pointy sort of way."↵-General Tazri, allied commander
Hedron Matrix①The hedrons awoke along with the Eldrazi, forming superstructures that radiated overwhelming magic.
Hedron Rover①"Now that it has woken up and wandered off, we should go see what it was guarding."↵-Gotzen, Bulwark explorer
Hedron Scrabbler①"I don't care when the hedrons awoke. *Why* is the question that really matters."↵-Anowon, the Ruin Sage
Heed the Mists①"Once, I looked to the mists for wisdom. Now I wish only for understanding."
Heedless One①"Channel your vitality through me."
Heidar, Rimewind Master①"The umber stain of the Thaw will be bleached away. Once again the world will be sharp, white, perfect!"
Heightened Awareness①"It startles me how alive one feels on the edge of death."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Heightened Reflexes①Some crystals glow in the presence of monsters, forming a convenient warning system. Some monsters have learned to outrun the light.
Heiko Yamazaki, the General①"I prefer to let my sword do the talking."
Heir of Falkenrath①Among vampires, there has long been the belief that the urge to feed must be balanced by the poise of nobility.
Heir of the Ancient Fang①On the last day of a Jukai agent's training, they are bequeathed a powerful relic blessed by the kami.
Heir of the Wilds①In the high caves of the Qal Sisma mountains, young hunters quest to hear the echoes of their fierce ancestors.
Heir to the Night①The Falkenrath have relinquished all pretense at nobility, losing themselves completely to their all-consuming thirst.
Heirloom Mirror①"Speak my name thrice, and be rewarded."
Hekma Sentinels①"The God-Pharaoh created the Hekma to protect us from the horrors beyond and to surround us in his love."
Helbrute①"No. No! Not the sarcophagus . . . Khorne damn you, you disloyal curs. JUST KILL ME!"↵-Kalos the Ravager
Helica Glider①It could subsist on seeds but its preferred fare is your face.
Heliod's Intervention①"I bring a dawn that no night can follow."
Heliod's Pilgrim①The blessings of Heliod are apparent for all to see.
Helionaut①Hope kept the defenders aloft, but only courage kept them in the fight.
Hell Mongrel①It feeds on shadows, fear, and blood.
Hell Swarm①The brightness of day turned in an instant to dusk as the swarm descended upon the battlefield.
Hell's Caretaker①"The rules are clear. If you want to leave, you need only convince another to take your place."
Hell's Caretaker①You might leave here, Chenndra, should another take your place . . . .
Hell-Bent Raider①He doesn't slow until his spear is weighted with corpses.
Helldozer①Sometimes you go to hell, and sometimes hell comes to you.
Hellfire Mongrel①There is no fondness between the hound and its master. There is only a common appreciation of the hunt.
Hellfire①"High on a throne of royal state . . . insatiate to pursue vain war with heav'n." -John Milton, *Paradise Lost*
Hellfire①"High on a throne of royal state . . . insatiate to pursue vain war with heav'n."↵-John Milton, Paradise Lost
Hellhole Rats①"I must speak with Momir Vig about creating a water-spouting watchdog."↵-Mathvan, Prahv scrollwarden
Hellion Eruption①Just when you thought you'd be safe, in the middle of an open field with no Eldrazi around for miles.
Hellish Rebuke①"Then we burn together!"
Hellkite Courser①The charge was heralded not by horns, but by the dragon's echoing roar.
Hellkite Hatchling①A killing machine from birth.
Hellkite Igniter①Its flight sets the sky itself on fire.
Hellkite Overlord①"The dragon has no pretense of compassion, no false mask of civilization-just hunger, heat, and need."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Hellkite Punisher①"We'll pay no more tribute to that tyrannical lizard. A new age starts today!"↵-Mayor Kadrim, now deceased
Hellkite Whelp①"They play by spitting fire at each other. Don't be offended if one gives you a love-scorch."↵-Esfir, Rakdos dragon wrangler
Hellraiser Goblin①Don't let him lead the soldiers, but by all means let him lead the way.
Hellrider①"Behind every devil's mayhem lurks a demon's scheme."↵-Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Helm of Awakening①"This little prize will cover your head, your spells, your bets, and your behind!"↵-Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Helm of Chatzuk①Whether inspired by fear or by honor, all loyalty lends might.
Helm of the Gods①Its blessings are as numerous as the stars of Nyx.
Helm of the Host①Forged out of flowstone for the queen of Vesuva.
Hematite Golem①Centuries before the first peaks of the Oxidda Chain rewrote the laws of magnetism, the golems patrolled Mirrodin's featureless surface unhindered.
Henge Guardian①Like so many Thran relics, the wurm engine kept operating long after its creators were gone.
Henge Walker①Everything that inhabits Garenbrig is affected by the wild magic flowing through the Great Henge.
Henge of Ramos①It is the hub. We are the wheel.↵-Dryad saying
Hengegate Pathway①"I cannot read these runes, yet somehow they seem like a warning. Have we passed unknowingly into a new realm?"↵-Ekken, Omenseeker navigator
Henrika, Infernal Seer①"Once you've tasted demon blood, you'll wonder why you ever settled for human."
Henrika, Infernal Seer①Nothing can be more dreadful than those awful women, who were-who are-waiting to suck my blood.
Herald of Dromoka①The trumpeters of Arashin are ever alert in their watch over the Great Aerie.
Herald of Faith①The clerics prayed for salvation. The soldiers prayed for victory. Both prayers were answered.
Herald of Kozilek①"Some Eldrazi, their purpose is obvious: suck the life out of the land, birth new Eldrazi. Others aren't so obvious, and those are the ones that make me really nervous."↵-Chadir the Navigator
Herald of Secret Streams①"You might as well try to stop the waterfall."
Herald of Slaanesh①"I can show you indulgence without regret, delight without boundaries, gratifications beyond count."↵-Sha'ris, Deacon of Lust
Herald of the Dreadhorde①Amonkhet's dead flowed into a new world in service to their God-Pharaoh.
Herald of the Fair①"Welcome, one and all! Right this way! Open your eyes, your ears, and your imaginations to the wonders of the Inventors' Fair!"
Herald of the Pantheon①The distinction of bearing the gods' banner is nothing compared to the glory of being closer to Nyx.
Herald of the Sun①"Fear neither clouds nor darkness. The light shall overcome them all."
Herbal Poultice①"Apply orange leaf to a wound at dawn to clean it, at dusk to prevent the same injury from happening again."↵-Kithkin superstition
Herd Baloth①Baloth social structure is simple: the biggest one's the leader.
Herd Gnarr①Long ago, the solitary gnarr was a sign of good luck. Now they have become wild pack hunters, a sign of impending danger.
Heritage Druid①"Study the great spirits of our age and those of the past. Prune secrets from the branching traceries of our lineage."↵-Twila, Gilt-Leaf archdruid
Hermetic Study①"Books can be replaced; a prize student cannot. Be patient."↵-Urza, to Barrin
Hermit Druid①Seeking the company of plants ensures that your wits will go to seed.
Hermit of the Natterknolls①He hates company . . .
Hero of Goma Fada①"They seek to break us. Let us show them our strength!"
Hero of Iroas①"My left has felled a cyclops. My right has slain a giant. I bring both to every fight."
Hero of Leina Tower①"You cannot achieve greatness if its seed has not already been planted in your heart."
Hero of Precinct One①When the established order falters, what remains are ordinary people and their struggle to survive.
Hero of the Games①Winners of the Iroan Games are forever remembered as heroes of their people.
Hero of the Nyxborn①Heroic deeds inspire new heroes.
Hero of the Pride①Leonin fight for neither god nor polis; their loyalty is to their pride.
Hero of the Winds①To tame a griffin is to ride into legend.
Hero's Blade①The best swords are forged with dragonfire.
Hero's Demise①"What will it say on our graves, Lord Konda? Will it say we led our world to conquer immortal forces or that we were crushed by our own arrogance? At each defeat, I wonder."↵-Sensei Hisoka, letter to Lord Konda
Hero's Downfall①"This is the end... for all of you!"
Hero's Downfall①Destiny exalts a chosen few, but even heroes break.
Hero's Downfall①Odric resisted the vampire's curse with all his strength. But after a lifetime of fighting monsters, he was doomed to become one himself.
Hero's Heirloom①"A blade is just a tool. Its power comes from the hand that wields it."↵-Danitha
Hero's Resolve①"Destiny, chance, fate, fortune-they're all just ways of claiming your successes without claiming your failures."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Heroes of the Revel①Brashness is close enough to bravery.
Heroes' Bane①Travelers' tales claim that hydras bite off their own heads to make themselves deadlier.
Heroes' Reunion①"You helped save my people from a Phyrexian fate. Did you think I wouldn't return the favor?"↵-Eladamri, to Gerrard
Heroes' Reunion①They share no bloodline, but a bond greater than family unites them. Such are the gifts of the Worldsoul.
Heroic Charge①"For Keld! For Benalia! For Dominaria!"
Heroic Defiance①"Wear courage as your armor. Wield honor as your blade."↵-Gerrard
Heroic Intervention①"Stay close, and their wrathful flames will not harm you."↵-Galea
Heroic Intervention①"Wherever the strong would harm the weak, I will be there."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Heroic Reinforcements①Cries of anguish quickly spurred cries of action.
Heron's Grace Champion①Sigarda was the last uncorrupted archangel, but she would not have to fight alone.
Heronblade Elite①"When angels fall, humans must rise."
Hesitation①Gerrard hesitated, looking up at the enemy ship. The future hesitated with him, changed forever by the pause.
Hewed Stone Retainers①"Their origins are shrouded in mystery. I believe they are the protectors of the lost secrets of our world."↵-Jilaya, Temur whisperer
Hex Parasite①Drawn by power, fueled by conquest.
Hexplate Golem①"Use everything. Iron, rust, scrap . . . even the ground must join our cause."↵-Ezuri, renegade leader
Hex①When killing five just isn't enough.
Hibernation Sliver①Mogglings have been known to play ball with hibernating slivers, completely unaware of their true nature.
Hibernation①On its way to the cave, the armadillo brushed by a sapling. It awoke to find a full-grown tree blocking its path.
Hibernation①The deep sleep of winter is not always restful.
Hidden Ancients①The only alert the invaders had was the rustling of leaves on a day without wind.
Hidden Gibbons①When these apes want something, it's a matter of gibbon take.
Hidden Herbalists①In the cellars beneath Narnam House, a strange and deadly garden grows.
Hidden Horror①If the presence of evil were obvious, it wouldn't be nearly as dangerous.
Hidden Horror①Lifespans are measured by its dreadful length.
Hidden Path①"Where moments before we were lost beyond hope, the strange, floating lights showed us the way and restored our morale."↵-Vervamon the Elder
Hidden Retreat①After an hour in the hidey-hole, Squee seriously pondered the advantages of danger over boredom.
Hidden Spider①It wants only to dress you in silk.
Hideous End①"A little dark magic won't stop me. The worse the curse, the better the prize."↵-Radavi, Joraga relic hunter, last words
Hideous End①Death is a generous author, always willing to grant a stirring final chapter.
Hideous Visage①"Seeing you cower before me is its own reward."
Hidetsugu's Second Rite①Hidetsugu never relinquished a grudge. He let it burn within him, gathering ever greater intensity until the final moment of vengeance.
Hieroglyphic Illumination①"The answers are here. This is the way through the trial."
Hieromancer's Cage①Law protects but also contains.
Hierophant's Chalice①In the Rite of Redemption, nobles take the same vows as Elenda, the first vampire, and make the same eternal sacrifice.
High Ground①In war, as in society, position is everything.
High Market①If it can't be had here, it can't be had on any world.
High Priest of Penance①"All I require is faith, loyalty, obedience, trust, and complete and utter devotion."
High Seas①Bend as the wave breaks or it will break you as well.↵-Saprazzan saying
High Tide①"By the time their enemies noticed the sea's changing mood, the Vodalians had often shifted formation and were ready to attack."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. V*
High Tide①"May Svyelun and her tides favor you."↵-Traditional Merfolk blessing
High Tide①"May Svyelun and her tides favor you."↵-Traditional merfolk blessing
High Tide①"There's nothing like the high seas to clear your head or escape pursuers."
High Tide①"When the very tides turn against you, it's time to consider retirement."↵-General Khurzog
High-Rise Sawjack①Slicing girders, rescuing trapped workers, killing gigantic rust flies-one tool does it all!
Highborn Ghoul①"All the dead sleep lightly here, no matter how refined their beds may be."↵-Grafdigger Wulmer
Highborn Vampire①With the bloodchiefs annihilated in the fight between the free and enthralled, the swamps around Malakir are full of dangerous, young vampires eager to make their marks.
Highcliff Felidar①Once the felidar has marked you as prey, there's no point in running.
Highland Berserker①He gets paid by the axe.
Highland Forest①"Tread carefully! The last time I walked this path, half the snowdrifts were, in fact, sleeping trolls. I've never run so fast in my life!"↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Highland Game①"Bring down a stag and fix its horns upon Arel's head. She hears the wisdom of our ancestors."↵-Chianul, Who Whispers Twice
Highland Game①"Bring down a stag and fix its horns upon her head. This one hears the whispers."↵-Chianul, at the weaving of Arel
Highland Giant①Though slow-witted and slow-moving, they are quick to anger.
Highland Lake①"A place like this makes me wonder if there's more to life than blood and treasure . . . Nah."↵-Boyl Bucksalt, Storm Fleet swab
Highland Lake①With the fate of Innistrad uncertain, some seek solace in remote areas.
Highland Weald①"Our noble land, enslaved by Rime, Is it our fate to freeze through time? If this be true, oh wicked crime."↵-*The Dynasty of Winter Kings*
Highspire Infusion①"If nothing else, the Inventors' Fair taught us that we're only beginning to discover aether's true potential."↵-Kershan Danil, Highspire artisan
Highspire Mantis①Its wings produce a high-pitched, barely audible whirring sound in flight. Only Jeskai masters are quiet enough to hear one coming.
Highway Robber①"Tonight, madam, it's your money *and* your life."
Hijack①"Whoa there. Easy. We're just going to take a little detour."
Hijack①Trapped on Ixalan, the Planeswalker Angrath is the only minotaur sailing the seas. No matter how many ships he captures, he cannot break free.
Hill Giant Herdgorger①A shepherd's crook is useful for cleaning bits of wool out of the teeth.
Hill Giant①Bent on a quest for blood, a giant can storm through a fort's wall as if it were nothing more than a picket fence.
Hill Giant①Fortunately, Hill Giants have large blind spots in which a human can easily hide. Unfortunately, these blind spots are beneath the bottoms of their feet.
Hill Giant①Fortunately, hill giants have large blind spots in which a human can easily hide. Unfortunately, these blind spots are beneath the bottoms of their feet.
Hill Giant①Hill giants are mostly just big. Of course, that does count for a lot!
Hill Giant①Hill giants are mostly just big. Of course, that does count for a lot.
Hillcomber Giant①The giants believe the fossils they find in Lorwyn's rocky heights are dreams frozen in time, and they treasure them.
Hinata, Dawn-Crowned①Hope races on sunlit hooves.
Hindering Light①Centuries of careful practice have elevated the casting of protective spells to an art form. What little offensive magic remains on Bant stands little chance of breaching them.
Hindervines①"Woodlands and laws. Both grow faster than the Azorius's ability to manage them."↵-Suniel the Woodwise
Hinder①"Do not react to force in kind. Turn it aside. Direct it to where it can do no harm."↵-Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Hint of Insanity①"Practice makes perfect, but obsession makes better."
Hinterland Drake①"As a kid, I dreamed of flying on those wild drakes. They inspired me to build wings of my own."↵-Nadja Cloudtoucher, aerowright
Hinterland Harbor①"Our ancestors brought down a Phyrexian portal ship, then built our town on its hull. We're pretty proud of that."↵-Alene of Riverspan
Hinterland Harbor①In places where the sea meets the trees, it's easy to forget the darkness that rules most of Innistrad.
Hinterland Hermit①He tried to live far from those he could hurt . . .
Hinterland Logger①"There's a forester lives up in the highlands. Tried to sell her one of my finest axes at a bargain, but she wasn't interested."↵-Old Rutstein
Hinterland Scourge①. . . but the monster within was a tireless hunter.
Hipparion①"Someone once said that Hipparions are to Warriors what Aesthir are to Skyknights. Don't believe it."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Hipparion①"Someone once said that hipparions are to warriors what aesthir are to skyknights. Don't believe it."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Hired Blade①"If you want them dead, buy some poison. If you want them to have the worst day of their life before dying, then let's talk price."
Hired Hexblade①"I'll take care of it. You just be sure to hold up your end of the deal."
Hired Poisoner①"They don't even feel the cut. I'm ordering a drink in a nearby tavern before anyone notices something's wrong."
Hired Torturer①"Follow your passion, I always say. Might as well get paid to do what you love."
Hisoka's Defiance①"With every passing day, the kami shape our world to suit their will. I, for one, would not see them succeed."
Hisoka, Minamo Sensei①"By all rights we should have perished in the Kami War. Our perseverence is a tribute to mortal ingenuity. And perhaps a few forgotten secrets found in the nick of time."
Hissing Iguanar①It's pretty cute-from a distance.
Hissing Iguanar①Viashino thrashes keep iguanars as hunting companions, giving them wounded captives as playthings.
Hissing Miasma①All that remains when the fog finishes are neat piles of polished bones, like acid-etched glass. Orzhov servants collect them to make altar chimes.
Historian of Zhalfir①"Come and listen. I'll tell you the story of a nation lost to time, and of the man who caused it."
Hitchclaw Recluse①Nearly invisible strands of web reach far beyond its lair to alert it of the approach of prey.
Hitchclaw Recluse①Not all spiders need webs to catch their prey.
Hive Mind①"All consciousness is one, separated only by a thin veil of the physical."↵-Jace Beleren
Hive Stirrings①Sliver young are sorted into clutches according to their potential and their future role. Human scholars can only guess how those are determined.
Hivestone①Rath's evincars used hivestones to control the slivers, but the overlay put their power into unwitting hands. Now the stones make not masters, but slaves.
Hoar Shade①"The creature we fought in the western waste was doubly dangerous: mortally wounded, it rebounded and attacked again."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Hoard Robber①"And to think, a year ago I was picking pockets in Waterdeep."
Hoard-Smelter Dragon①He collects the precious metals, and then converts the rest to propellant.
Hobblefiend①Bedbugs aren't the only things you need to worry about biting you at night.
Hobbling Zombie①"I see someone tried to stop you, my pet. How delightful."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Hobgoblin Bandit Lord①In a hobgoblin's view of the world, the weak owe tribute and fealty to the strong.
Hobgoblin Captain①Hobgoblins do not fear death, for those who fall in battle have gained glory eternal.
Hobgoblin Dragoon①The faeries snickered at first. A common hob in Oona's skies? But his lance ended their mockery, and now the sound of a cicada's wings brings a shudder to the faerie heart.
Hoisted Hireling①Zarv no longer trusted the kitten posters telling him to "hang in there."
Hokori, Dust Drinker①"Dust Drinker," "The Swirling Storm," "The Searing Wind"-Hokori had many names, but none of them was "The Merciful."
Hold at Bay①It was Daeron's bravery that brought him to Odunos. But it was the magic of Meletis that brought him home.
Hold for Ransom①"Let's find out how much your friends think you're worth."↵-Gino, hired kidnapper
Hold the Gates①"We grew up on these streets. We know them better than any Boros grunt from Zelzo."
Hold the Line①"Forgive me, Master Kami, but in the interest of my people I must halt your advance."
Holdout Settlement①Even in areas of profound devastation, the hedrons remained intact.
Hollow Dogs①A hollow dog is never empty. It is filled with thirst for the hunt.
Hollow One①The embodiment of yearning, forever drifting the deserts to find what had once made it whole.
Hollow Warrior①Though it moves like a living thing, anyone can tell it lacks a soul-not to mention mercy.
Hollowborn Barghest①It leaves a trail of crumpled trees and dashed dreams.
Hollowhead Sliver①"Brilliant! They evolved away from energy-taxing brains and respond only to spinal reflex arcs from the hive mind."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Hollowhenge Beast①In a world of monsters, it's the stuff of nightmares.
Hollowhenge Overlord①The ruins of the town were a notable upgrade from the wolves' forest den.
Hollowhenge Scavenger①After werewolves slaughtered the citizenry of Hollowhenge, other creatures moved in.
Hollowhenge Spirit①Some spirits mourn. Others terrorize.
Hollowsage①Dreams of dark nights to come are said to stir in the minds of scheming hollowsages.
Holy Avenger①Divine light forged in steel.
Holy Day①"The day of Spirits; my soul's calm retreat / Which none disturb!"↵-Henry Vaughan, "The Night"
Holy Day①"The day of spirits; my soul's calm retreat/ Which none disturb!"↵-Henry Vaughan, "Silex Scintillans"
Holy Day①"Today there is feasting and peace across our land, but the war has not ended. Tuck away your bloodlust. You'll need it tomorrow."↵-Karrim, Samite healer
Holy Day①"Will history remember this as the day demons arrived or the day saviors arrived?"↵-Barrin
Holy Justiciar①Her eyes see through the rotting flesh and glimpse a soul in agony, begging for the Blessed Sleep.
Holy Light①"Bathed in hallowed light, the infidels looked upon the impurities of their souls and despaired." -*The Book of Tal*
Holy Light①"Bathed in hallowed light, the infidels looked upon the impurities of their souls and despaired."↵-The Book of Tal
Holy Mantle①"The guilds promise to provide safety. I prefer to make my own."↵-Briska, Ninth District freemage
Holy Strength①"Born under the sun, the first child will seek the foundation of honor and be fortified by its righteousness."↵-Codex of the Constellari
Holy Strength①"May angels fly at your back. May your blade cleave the darkness."↵-War blessing of Serra
Holy Strength①Such power protects the body with the strength of the soul.
Homarid Explorer①"Homarids spread northward from Sarpadia as the climate cooled, raiding coastal settlements for supplies."↵-*Time of Ice*
Homarid Shaman①"The ground grew swampy; hooves and claws sank into the marshy earth. Snarls of rage and bleats of despair echoed through the trees as the waters grew higher and higher."↵-Kyliki of Havenwood, "Havenwood Remembered"
Homestead Courage①"C'mon, fiend. I'll carve you up like a Harvesttide ham."
Homeward Path①"Let your heels point you home."↵-Ancient blessing
Homicidal Brute①For a moment his basest desires run free, unshackled by reason or conscience.
Homicidal Seclusion①"Damned crows and their endless squawking . . . blocks out the voices in my head . . ."↵-Hermit of Hanne Hall
Homing Lightning①"I see countless worlds. What makes them think I can't find them in just one?"↵-Ral Zarek
Honden of Cleansing Fire①To the sorrow of all, its fire was turned toward those who worshipped it.
Honden of Infinite Rage①To the sorrow of all, its rage became focused on those who once stoked it.
Honden of Life's Web①To the sorrow of all, its web became a net that strangled those who helped weave it.
Honden of Night's Reach①To the sorrow of all, its dark reach grasped and crushed those who guarded its silent vigil.
Honden of Seeing Winds①To the sorrow of all, its winds found sin in the hearts of those who once learned from its wisdom.
Honed Khopesh①Blades and bravery go hand in hand.
Honey Mammoth①"And I thought *I* had a big sweet tooth."↵-Gannet, Skysail zoologist
Honeymoon Hearse①A carriage crafted from the finest materials. Horses bred from the finest stock. Skulls taken from the finest foes.
Honor Guard①"It is not a choice I make, to have this guard. It is the choice of my people, and my duty to them."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Honor Guard①The strength of one. The courage of ten.
Honor Troll①First in his clan to attend Strixhaven, and now first in his class.
Honor of the Pure①Together the soldiers were like a golden blade, cutting down their enemies and scarring the darkness.
Honor the Fallen①"May the River claim Cho-Manno's body, wherever it lies."↵-Ta-Karnst, Cho-Arrim healer
Honor the God-Pharaoh①In life, they revered a diverse pantheon of gods. Now they revere only the God-Pharaoh.
Honor's Reward①It seldom rains in Abzan lands. When it does, the khan marks the occasion by honoring the families of the fallen.
Honor-Worn Shaku①Before being presented to its lord, each shaku is blessed by every hero of every region within that lord's domain.
Honorable Scout①"I've faced your kind before. This time I'm ready for you."
Honored Crop-Captain①Her words inspire action. Her actions inspire victory.
Honored Heirloom①After the Travails, Runechanters set about repairing twisted symbols of Avacyn as the first step in restoring faith in the Church.
Honored Hydra①Even gods have pets.
Hooded Brawler①Nagas wielding twin daggers excel at the fighting technique known as the Bite of Rhonas.
Hooded Horror①Insidious fear can be the undoing of the greatest of armies.
Hooded Kavu①The spread of its hood eclipses all hope.
Hoodwink①The youths of Rishada's marketplace are always ready for a quick footrace.
Hoof Skulkin①It hunts with the memory of a long lost herd.
Hook-Haunt Drifter①Even in death, he casts his lines, forever fishing for reasons long forgotten.
Hookhand Mariner①The local gossips swore Nesmith lost his hands in a fight with a werewolf.
Hooting Mandrills①Interlopers in Sultai territory usually end up as crocodile chow or baboon bait.
Hope Against Hope①"I have given my life to the church, my soul to Avacyn, and my heart to the people."
Hope Tender①Some refused to leave their shattered homes, vowing to rebuild at any cost.
Hope and Glory①"Serra ruled by faith. I cannot afford that luxury."↵-Radiant, archangel
Hope of Ghirapur①The renegades mounted an aether disruptor aboard a lightweight thopter to destroy Tezzeret's Planar Bridge.
Hopping Automaton①Designed to carry equipment across rivers, the hopping automaton was soon pressed into service in the infantry.
Horde of Boggarts①Strategies don't come easily to the boggarts' feral minds, but full-on assault hasn't failed them yet.
Horde of Notions①Even the oldest treefolk was but an acorn when Lorwyn's first mysteries were born.
Hordeling Outburst①"Leave no scraps, lest you attract pests."↵-Mardu threat
Hordeling Outburst①Kolaghan goblins rush into battle to satisfy their desire for violence as well as their desire not to be eaten.
Horizon Canopy①The day is born within its branches.
Horizon Canopy①The great leaves are resilient underfoot. Heavy steps do not bruise them, but release a sweet and spicy scent.
Horizon Chimera①"Do not try to make sense of the chimera. Impossibility is its habitat."↵-Kydele, prophet of Kruphix
Horizon Drake①Using thermal updrafts and gravity currents, drakes eat and sleep in the air. Some never touch the ground from birth until death.
Horizon Seed①In peaceful times, these beings escorted the honored kami to their new shrines. In the Kami War, they became the medics of an unstoppable army.
Horizon Seeker①"A five-day climb? Ha! I'll do it in two."
Horizon Stone①Kruphix once dreamed that he traveled beyond the edge of the world to an unfamiliar land. Curious, he picked up a rock, and awoke to find it had followed him from the dream into reality.
Horn of Deafening①"A blast, an echo . . . then silence."
Horn of Greed①"Rath grows, and I am nourished."↵-Volrath
Horn of Plenty①"This horn is an exact replica of the fabled Horn of Ramos, except mine is more lavish."↵-Mercadian magistrate
Horn of Ramos①Ramos touched, and there was life.
Hornbash Mentor①"We share the same nuanced opinion of hunters and military goons: smash them."
Horncaller's Chant①"The Selesnya are gathering armies. Do you still believe they aren't preparing for war?"↵-Teysa, to Isperia
Horned Cheetah①"I think she wants us to eat it," said Squee, staring at the oily carcass the cheetah had dragged to their fire.
Horned Kavu①"That didn't happen naturally," said Multani. "Rath's overlay is interfering with the Æther itself."
Horned Sliver①A bristling wave of slivers broke against the *Weatherlight's* timbers.
Horned Sliver①A bristling wave of slivers broke against the *Weatherlight*'s timbers.
Horned Sliver①A bristling wave of slivers broke against the Weatherlight's timbers.
Horned Troll①"If I says it's a troll, it's a troll. Goblins is always right in Mercadia."↵-Squee
Horned Troll①Sword hilts jut from some trolls' bodies where wounds healed so fast that the weapons were trapped inside.
Horned Turtle①"So like men are they: a hardened shell with fragile flesh beneath."↵-Selenia, dark angel
Horned Turtle①It doesn't like having visitors . . . unless it's having them for lunch.
Horned Turtle①It's a mistake to say turtles hide in their shells. They merely need time to contemplate how best to bite your head off.
Horned Turtle①Its spear has no shaft, its shield no handle.
Hornet Cobra①"Then inch by inch out of the grass rose up the head and spread hood of Nag, the big black cobra, and he was five feet long from tongue to tail."↵-Rudyard Kipling, *The Jungle Books*
Hornet Harasser①"And though she didn't get her honey, Auntie found something far more interesting."↵-A tale of Auntie Grub
Hornet Sting①It was only then-to his infinite sorrow-that Gork realized hornets don't make honey.
Hornswoggle①Being a merciful pirate, she saved the vampire's gold from falling overboard.
Horobi, Death's Wail①"From the ashes of Reito rose a new kami. And thereafter at every battle came Horobi, Death's Wail."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Horrible Hordes①Few are able to underestimate the hordes.
Horribly Awry①"We are nothing but dust to them-our bodies, our actions, even our words."↵-Jori En, expedition leader
Horrifying Revelation①"Ours is a glorious transmission! Behold a future where all bow to the Father of Machines."↵-Isila, Priest of Sheoldred
Horror of Horrors①"And a horror of outer darkness after,/ And dust returneth to dust again."↵-Adam Lindsay Gordon, The Swimmer
Horror of the Broken Lands①It feeds on dry bones in the sand and desperate pleas in the wind.
Horror of the Dim①"Lesser minds can scarcely imagine such a marriage of necromancy and mind magic."↵-Strava, Dimir mage
Horseshoe Crab①"Hmm . . . It looks kinda like a bug. Let's crack it open an' see if it tastes like one!"↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Horseshoe Crab①In the final days before the disaster, all the crabs on Tolaria migrated from inlets, streams, and ponds back to the sea. No one took note.
Hostile Desert①Amonkhet's desiccated land thirsts for blood.
Hostile Minotaur①The bellow of a minotaur always translates to "charge."
Hostile Realm①Lorwyn's crust explodes with power when the greater elementals are born. The flamekin use the fallout as cover for forays into enemy territory.
Hostile Takeover①Ob Nixilis smiled. It had been over one thousand years since his last conquest.
Hot Fix①It's not a carpet moth, it's a feature.
Hot Soup①"Comin' through!" Designed by James Ernest
Hot Springs①Warmth is life; heat is peace.
Hotheaded Giant①As he races the moon each night, he draws a glowing equator across the world.
Hotshot Mechanic①"If your mech is factory standard, you might as well be walking."
Hound Tamer①"You and me, we're not built for captivity."
Hound of the Farbogs①As you hear it baying in the distance, you'll feel its breath on your neck.
Hour of Devastation①"Everything here exists or perishes at my whim. Including you, Gatewatch."↵-Nicol Bolas
Hour of Eternity①To serve as an Eternal is the afterlife granted to the worthy.
Hour of Eternity①To serve as an eternal is the afterlife granted to the worthy.
Hour of Glory①The gods of the trials also faced the opportunity to prove themselves worthy.
Hour of Promise①With the Hekma breached and its protection removed, the deserts swept in.
Hour of Reckoning①"Ravnica, like a hedge, must be pruned, leaving only leaves of verdant uniformity."↵-Niszka, Selesnya evangel
Hour of Reckoning①The Battle of Baal was the bloodiest and most costly in the entire noble history of the Sons of Sanguinius.
Hour of Reckoning①Those who are chosen do not doubt. Those who remain do not lament.
Hour of Revelation①In the first moments, the gate to the afterlife opened, and the people were prostrate in the light of the God-Pharaoh.
Hover Barrier①As whispers and rumors increased, so did the demand for fail-safe barriers.
Hoverguard Observer①It could be made to run silently, but its low hum reminds the Neurok that they are always watched.
Hoverguard Sweepers①They only appear in emergencies, and emergencies never last long.
Hovermyr①Originally created to harvest blinkmoths, the hovermyr are now the silent observers of a dying world.
How Is This a Par Three?!①Against the infinite backdrop of space, isn't all golf miniature?
Howl from Beyond①"From the mouths of my servants, my voice shall emerge to shake the souls of my foes."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Howl from Beyond①Whether it howls for hunger or for joy, you're in trouble just the same.
Howl of the Night Pack①The murderous horrors of Raven's Run are legendary, but even that haunted place goes quiet when the night wolves howl.
Howling Banshee①Villagers cloaked the town in magical silence, but their ears still bled.
Howling Fury①I howl my soul to the moon, and the moon howls with me.
Howling Giant①He and his pack sing the same mournful song to the moon.
Howling Golem①It wails of buried riches and the souls lost seeking them.
Howling Mine①"The Sardian dwarves have let supersititon override common sense. There's plenty of ore left in the mountain, and we mustn't let it go to waste."↵-Last dispatch of Bolgon, Argivian surveyor
Howling Mine①Legend has it that the mine howls out the last words of those who died inside.
Howling Mine①The mine's riches never end, nor do the moans of the spirits doomed to haunt them.
Howlpack Resurgence①The renewed howling of werewolves announced the end of the Cursemute-and the beginning of Avacyn's madness.
Howlpack Wolf①Wolves and werewolves join together for the common cause of the hunt.
Howlpack of Estwald①Estwald's citizens don't dislike outsiders-they taste just fine.
Huang Zhong, Shu General①"Virile in war, he kept the north in fear; His prodigies subdued the western sphere."
Huatli's Raptor①The essence of Ixalan was never far from Huatli's heart.
Huatli's Snubhorn①Don't make the mistake of thinking blunt horns can't kill.
Huatli's Spurring①"Run like the wind, fierce one. The hunt has begun."
Hubris①"You wish to learn of Nyx? Very well."↵-Phenax, god of deception
Huddle Up①"Are you sure this is going to work?" asked Will. "No," said Rowan. "But if it does, it's going to be spectacular."
Hulking Bugbear①Bugbears move with surprising speed for their size and bulk, a fact that has led to the demise of many unwary adventurers.
Hulking Cyclops①"Some say a great cyclops turns the world in its hands, looking down upon it with its one bright eye."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Hulking Cyclops①Anyone can get around a cyclops, but few can stand in its way.
Hulking Devil①Fear the patient devil, the one who is calm in the midst of chaos. Beware the silent devil, the one whose cackle does not mingle with the others.
Hulking Goblin①The bigger they are, the harder they avoid work.
Hulking Ogre①"The Keldons' ogre campaign provided more body parts than my meager facility could properly use."↵-Gatha, Tolarian renegade
Hulking Ogre①Once they realized the ogre had more size than speed, the soldiers simply went around it.
Hull Breach①"Crovax knows we're coming now," said a grinning Sisay. "I just sent the *Predator* crashing into his stronghold."
Hull Breach①At the lash of the hive ship's feeder tentacles, the cruiser vented atmosphere, cargo, and crew members into the void.
Hullbreacher①"I don't need a map to find riches."
Hum of the Radix①The elves learned long ago that anything left here slowly vanishes. Now it is a sacred site where the dead are laid to rest and where unnatural magic is erased forever.
Human Frailty①"I have seen a hundred mortal families rise and fall. I shall outlast a thousand more."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Humble Budoka①Each time wanderers entered the forest seeking enlightenment, Dosan was there, waiting for them to arrive.
Humble Defector①"You were once Mardu, so your body and will are strong. Now we must train your mind."↵-Houn, Jeskai elder
Humble Naturalist①"The key to bonding with monsters, no matter their size, is knowing where they like to be scratched."
Humble the Brute①"The element of surprise only works when it's backed up by a bolt between the eyes."
Humbler of Mortals①The anger of the gods multiplied in Nyx, and the land awoke in dark echoes of their rage.
Humble①"It is not your place to rule, Radiant. It may not even be mine."↵-Serra
Humble①Through failure we learn our finest lessons in humility.
Humiliate①"Aw, what's that? No comeback?"
Humility①"One cannot cleanse the wounds of failure."↵-Karn, silver golem
Humongulus①Searching the city for Fblthp felt like sifting the rain for a single drop of blood.
Hunding Gjornersen①"You would never guess, at the terrifying sight of the man, that Hunding was as charming a companion as one could wish for."
Hundroog①"New links are being added to the food chain on a daily basis."↵-Riptide Project researcher
Hunger of the Howlpack①"Werewolves are an unholy mix of a predator's instinct and a human's hatred."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Hunger of the Nim①Their pain is so great, they can't help but share it with others.
Hungering Yeti①No clan is as adept at saying "go away" as the Temur.
Hungry Flames①In the hold of the *Heart of Kiran*, Chandra answered Dovin Baan's sabotage with an explosive retort.
Hungry Hungry Heifer①Mooo.
Hungry Mist①"All things must eat, after all. Even the air can hunger."↵-Gemma, Willow Priestess
Hungry Mist①"All things must eat, after all. Even the air can hunger."↵-Gemma, Willow priestess
Hungry Mist①"If the air must feed, let it take the self-righteous."↵-Murat, Death Speaker
Hungry Mist①"If the air must feed, let it take the self-righteous."↵-Murat, death speaker
Hungry Ridgewolf①Even vampires know to travel faster when they hear howling in the Geier Reach passes.
Hungry Spriggan①If a spriggan's eyes are larger than its stomach, it has ways to remedy the situation.
Hunt Down①"Springjacks and faeries can be difficult to hunt, but my favorite prey are the flamekin. They never fail to put up a worthy fight when cornered."
Hunt the Hunter①"A grudge is a tattoo worn on the inside."↵-Setessan warrior saying
Hunt the Weak①"Death lizard approaching, cap'n!"↵-Brint Doobin, last words
Hunt the Weak①Dragons scorn the weak, even among their own kind.
Hunt the Weak①He who hesitates is lunch.
Hunt the Weak①Natural evolution is often at odds with industrial progress.
Hunted Dragon①The knights see a mighty quarry. The dragon sees breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Hunted Ghoul①Even after Hanweir was saved, Gisa's lost ghouls would shamble through, still following the twisted orders of their imprisoned master.
Hunted Lammasu①The lammasu ruled the velds before the city grew. Now they roam Ravnica's skies, but their ancient enemies have not forgotten them.
Hunted Nightmare①"The cruelest monsters inspire the greatest tales. The greatest tales inspire the cruelest hunters."↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Hunted Witness①He ferried weapons, spells, exotic animals-but his most dangerous cargo was the truth.
Hunted Wumpus①Just one can feed a dozen people for a month.
Hunter Sliver①Once they get the scent, there is no escape.
Hunter of Eyeblights①Snokk ran as fast as he could, but the sound of hooves grew ever louder in his ears.
Hunter's Ambush①First you lose your enemy's trail. Then you lose all sense of direction. Then you hear the growls . . .
Hunter's Edge①The hunt ends. Lunch begins.
Hunter's Insight①"The predator knows the true way of the world. Life is conflict. Only the strong survive."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Hunter's Prowess①To be counted among the warriors of Setessa's Leina Tower, you must not fear death, only failure.
Hunters' Feast①Those who kill a jawspur rhino must prepare spells to lift the carcass-even a dozen hunters can't lift its bulk.
Hunting Drake①Even the fiercest beast will flee when faced with the possibility of becoming dinner.
Hunting Grounds①In the heavy hush of Krosa, drawing on mana is like ringing a dinner bell.
Hunting Kavu①Dominarians gladly fought alongside kavu . . . until the kavu figured out some Dominarians were quite tasty.
Hunting Pack①There is no "I" in "team," but there is definitely "meat."
Hunting Triad①"Eyeblights are easy to track. Just follow the imperfections."
Hurkyl's Recall①Hurkyl's research at the College of Lat-Nam wasn't enough to stop the two brothers, but for centuries thereafter her spellcraft taught artificers restraint.
Hurkyl's Recall①This spell, attributed to Drafna, was actually the work of his wife Hurkyl.
Hurkyl's Recall①This spell, like many attributed to Drafna, was actually the work of his wife Hurkyl.
Hurkyl's Recall①This spell, like many attributed to Drafna, was actually the work of his wife and former student, Hurkyl.
Hurl Through Hell①No one returns unchanged.
Hurler Cyclops①"It's my fault, really. I told him to throw anything he could find at the enemy."↵-Throppel, auxiliary commander
Hurloon Battle Hymn①The magical echoes of the Hurloon mountain range greatly increase the potency of spells based on song or speech.
Hurloon Minotaur①The Minotaurs of the Hurloon Mountains are known for their love of battle. They are also known for their hymns to the dead, sung for friend and foe alike. These hymns can last for days, filling the mountain valleys with their low, haunting sounds.
Hurloon Minotaur①The minotaurs of the Hurloon Mountains are known for their love of battle. They are also known for their hymns to the dead, sung for friend and foe alike. These hymns can last for days, filling the mountain valleys with their low, haunting sounds.
Hurloon Shaman①"I believe it when they say they're connected to the land-looks like somebody plowed her face."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Hurloon Wrangler①"Nothing comes between me and my Didgeridoos™."
Hurly-Burly①"Things were popping like corn in a skillet. Olly landed in the pig pen with his prize sow on top of him, both squealin' like boggarts."↵-Deagan, cenn of Burrenton
Hurricane①"Don't envy the grandeur of drakes. Their impression of grace fades when the first gust sends them crashing into one another."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Hurricane①"The raging winds . . . , settling on the sea, the surges sweep, / Raise liquid mountains, and disclose the deep."↵-Virgil, *Aeneid*, Book I, trans. Dryden
Hurricane①"The raging winds . . . , settling on the sea, the surges sweep, / Raise liquid mountains, and disclose the deep."↵-Virgil, *Aeneid, Book I*, trans. Dryden
Hurricane①"This was quite possibly the least pleasant occurrence on the entire expedition."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Hushbringer①"Let's begin this conversation again, and this time you will only listen."
Hushwing Gryff①An overwhelming sense of calm accompanies the gryffs that wheel above the roofs of Gavony.
Hussar Patrol①"You think no one is watching, you think you're smart enough to escape, and most foolish of all, you think no one cares."↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Hyalopterous Lemure①"The Lemures looked harmless, until they descended on my troops. Within moments, only bones remained."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Hyalopterous Lemure①"The lemures looked harmless, until they descended on my troops. Within moments, only bones remained."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Hydra Omnivore①"We should learn from the hydra. It never plays favorites; it devours everyone equally."↵-Thrass, elder druid
Hydradoodle①Less housebroken than housebreaking.
Hydroblast①"Heed the lessons of our time: the forms of water may move the land itself and hold captive the fires within."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Hydroblast①"Heed the lessons of our time: the forms of water may move the land itself and hold captive the fires within."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Hydroblast①Fire can be savage, but it is fickle. Water is always true, its flow steady and world-shaping.
Hydroform①"While the sea may be our home, the sky is our destiny."↵-Prime Speaker Zegana
Hydroid Krasis①Havoc is a small price to pay for data.
Hydrolash①"I don't need your mage-rings or your mana equations. I call, and the sea answers."↵-Keyta, rebel hydromancer
Hydromorph Guardian①In front of every strong leader is a pool of loyal bodyguards.
Hydromorph Gull①"The only kind of water that should fly through the air is rain."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Hydrosurge①"Thirsty?"↵-Drunvalus, hydromancer
Hyena Pack①With carrion a rarity in the Broken Lands, the hyenas that stalk the deserts hunt in packs.
Hymn of Rebirth①"There will come soft rains, and spring shall be amongst us, a welcome friend."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Hymn of Rebirth①"There will come soft rains, and spring shall be amongst us, a welcome friend."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Hymn of the Wilds①Many attempt to speak with nature. Selvala speaks less, and nature answers more.
Hymn to Tourach①"The eerie, wailing Hymn caused insanity even in hardened warriors."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Hymn to Tourach①"Tourach's power was such that his followers deified him after his death."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Hymn to Tourach①Knowing the Hymn's power, the followers of Leitbur carefully guarded their pillaged transcriptions.
Hymn to Tourach①Knowing the hymn's power, the followers of Leitbur carefully guarded their pillaged transciptions.
Hymn to Tourach①Knowing the hymn's power, the followers of Leitbur carefully guarded their pillaged transcriptions.
Hymn to Tourach①Members of the Order often played the Hymn on instruments made from their victims' bones.
Hymn to Tourach①The priests plead for your anguish and pray for your despair.
Hyperion Blacksmith①"The smith a mighty man is he/ With large and sinewy hands./ And the muscles of his brawny arms/ Are strong as iron bands."↵-Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Village Blacksmith
Hypersonic Dragon①"Even this primitive specimen of my kind is impressive."↵-Niv-Mizzet
Hypervolt Grasp①Zap on. Zap off.
Hypnotic Grifter①"All is calm. All is well. You know me to be a trusted member of your family, and I would like to discuss the contents of our safe."
Hypnotic Specter①"...There was no trace/ Of aught on that illumined face..." -Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter①"...There was no trace/ Of aught on that illumined face..."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter①"...There was no trace↵Of aught on that illumined face...."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter①"There was no trace↵Of aught on that illumined face . . . ."↵-Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter①"…There was no trace Of aught on that illumined face…."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter①Its victims are known by their eyes: shattered vessels leaking broken dreams.
Hypothesizzle①"It's like blowing up an arcane library in a thermobaric explosion. But in a good way."↵-Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Hyrax Tower Scout①The scouts of Hyrax Tower keep watch at the edge of Setessan territory, protecting the polis from inhuman monsters and enemy armies.
Hysterical Blindness①"The panic is amusing, but the real fun comes when the spell passes and the villagers start looking for a scapegoat."↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
I Delight in Your Convulsions①"I can't imagine what you're feeling right now, but I'll try my best."
Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician①"Everybody but me-CHARGE!"
Icatian Crier①A thousand years removed from her home, her news of war had lost its context, but not its relevance.
Icatian Infantry①"Never Surrender"↵-Motto carved into a fragment of an Icatian wall
Icatian Infantry①"Valiant Icatia was the last of the Sarpadian empires to fall. Its faithful soldiers defended their cities to the very end."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Icatian Infantry①Although they had long been concerned about the Order of the Ebon Hand, the Icatians faced an even greater threat from Goblin and Orcish raiders.
Icatian Infantry①The Icatian army easily repelled early surprise attacks by the Orcs on border towns like Montford.
Icatian Lieutenant①To become an officer, an Icatian Soldier had to pass a series of tests. These evaluated not only fighting and leadership skills, but also integrity, honor, and moral strength.
Icatian Lieutenant①To become an officer, an Icatian soldier had to pass a series of tests. These evaluated not only fighting and leadership skills, but also integrity, honor, and moral strength.
Icatian Phalanx①Even after the wall was breached in half a dozen places, the Phalanxes fought on, standing solidly against the onrushing raiders. Disciplined and dedicated, they held their ranks to the end, even in the face of tremendous losses.
Icatian Phalanx①Even after the wall was breached in half a dozen places, the phalanxes fought on, standing solidly against the onrushing raiders. Disciplined and dedicated, they held their ranks to the end, even in the face of tremendous losses.
Icatian Priest①"May you be strong and valiant, to defeat the enemies of the pure."↵-"Leitbur's Prayer"
Icatian Priest①Grelden knelt and felt the cool, dry hand of the priest on his brow. Hours later, when his wits returned, he was covered in his enemies' blood on the field of victory.
Icatian Scout①"Because the Orc hordes attacked along the entire border, Scouts were essential to Icatia's defense."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Icatian Scout①"Because the orc hordes attacked along the entire border, Scouts were essential to Icatia's defense."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Icatian Scout①"In these, our final days, I offer this. Though we could not save Icatia, we gave our children time to grow, and love, before it fell."↵-Ailis Connaut, diary
Icatian Scout①"Let it be known that Ailis Connaut acted with honor and bravery in the defense of the town of Montford, risking her life to scout the enemy's position . . . ."↵-Proclamation granting knighthood
Icatian Scout①"Of course I'm not a spy! The enemy has spies. I am a Scout."↵-Ailis Connaut
Icatian Scout①"Scouting is the art of balancing the need to go undiscovered with the need to get all the information you can. It's only by Leitbur's good grace that I'm still alive today."↵-Ailis Connaut, *Diary*
Icatian Skirmishers①Skirmishers engaged raiders before they could reach the towns. Although these units typically suffered huge losses, they never lacked volunteers.
Icatian Town①Icatia's once peaceful towns faced increasing attacks from Orcs and Goblins as the climate cooled. By the time the empire fell, they were little more than armed camps.
Icatian Town①Icatia's once peaceful towns faced increasing attacks from orcs and goblins as the climate cooled. By the time the empire fell, they were little more than armed camps.
Icatian Town①Icatia's once-peaceful towns faced increasing attacks from orcs and goblins as the climate cooled. By the time the empire fell, they were little more than armed camps.
Ice Cave①Even the oppressive cold of the cave could not temper Eladamri's ire.
Ice Over①"Slow the Consulate with whatever you've got!"↵-Jasi Ganin, master siphoner
Ice Tunnel①"The ice cracked underfoot; strange shapes swam beneath the surface. Who else has walked this blighted path?"↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Iceberg Cancrix①Its shell can withstand anything but a thaw.
Icebind Pillar①"Oh, Valki. I'm disappointed in you. How could the god of lies be so gullible?"↵-Tibalt
Icefall①As the Thaw met Terisiare, mountains shed their icy skins, crushing homes and hopes alike.
Icehide Golem①In colder climates, ice is more obedient than stone.
Icehide Troll①A troll's greatest weapon is its ability to emerge unexpectedly from the landscape.
Icequake①"When the earth shakes, and their animals are swallowed up by the ground, perhaps they will think twice before attacking again."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Icewind Stalwart①"Get behind my shield!"
Ichor Explosion①The first explosion that didn't excite goblins.
Ichor Wellspring①"Our glorious infection has taken hold."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Ichthyomorphosis①Tycthis's military career was a flop.
Icing Manipulator①Her most popular flavors are vanilla, maple pecan crunch, and Glurgian galactopod.
Icy Blast①"Do not think the sand or the sun will hold back the breath of winter."
Icy Manipulator①"The scavengers who first found it called it the 'Bone Crank.' Not a bad name, I'd say."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Icy Manipulator①A model of Mirrodin in both shape and spirit.
Icy Manipulator①Ice may thaw, but malice never does.
Icy Manipulator①In fire there is the spark of chaos and destruction, the seed of life. In ice there is perfect tranquility, perfect order, and the silence of death.
Ideas Unbound①The apprentice stared in puzzlement. "But Master, you finished writing those spells just yesterday. Don't you remember?" The jushi's heart froze.
Identity Crisis①"To join our ranks, one must be pure. To be pure, one must be blessed by etherium. To be blessed, one must forget oneself."↵-Ethersworn prayer
Idle Thoughts①Inspiration strikes the uncluttered mind.
Idol of Oblivion①"Arise, great one, and cleanse the world of our enemies!"
Idyllic Beachfront①In the tradition of the original Tolarian Academy, every Tolarian campus is built near a body of water.
Idyllic Grange①Every hero's journey starts somewhere.
Idyllic Tutor①"I know she is somewhere in the Multiverse. I will find her no matter what, even if it means I have to travel all worlds that exist."↵-Kaito Shizuki
Idyllic Tutor①"If one's life is blessed, solutions to all life's problems will appear at the right moment."↵-*The Book of Kith and Kin*
Idyllic Tutor①"You are loved, child."
Igneous Cur①Some dogs just aren't meant to be indoor pets.
Igneous Elemental①Volcanic violence made manifest.
Igneous Golem①"The creature rose from the mountain, its body weeping fire."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Igneous Inspiration①Prismari fosters a burning need to create.
Ignite Disorder①"Bant is a world imprisoned by polished stone and tyrannical rule. It yearns to strike back against those who restrain it."
Ignite Disorder①The shaman prowled the academy halls, shaking his head at the pomp and babble of the sages inside. He knew just the spell to liven the place up.
Ignite the Beacon①"If you can't save yourself, you fight to give someone else a chance."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Ignite the Cloneforge!①"Heroes innovate. Villains duplicate."
Ignoble Hierarch①He protects the fetid bog from light, life, and the hideous sound of laughter.
Ignoble Hierarch①Intention: Do a mirror image of the Noble Hierarch card, only this time with a goblin.
Ignoble Soldier①Cowardice is a term invented by those with no cunning.
Ignorant Bliss①"A quick step beyond oblivion lies a place so full of thoughts that it leaves no room for your own."↵-Quyzl, chronarch prodigy
Ihsan's Shade①"Ihsan, the weak. Ihsan, the fallen. Ihsan, the betrayer. He has brought shame to the Serra Paladins where none existed before. May his suffering equal his betrayal."↵-Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Ihsan's Shade①"Ihsan, the weak. Ihsan, the fallen. Ihsan, the betrayer. He has brought shame to the Serra paladins where none existed before. May his suffering equal his betrayal."↵-Baris, Serra inquisitor
Ihsan's Shade①No mortal could atone for Ihsan's betrayal. Redemption required him to become something else.
Ikra Shidiqi, the Usurper①"Now the scaled ones rule Tarkir."
Ill-Gotten Gains①Not all prices are paid in gold
Ill-Gotten Gains①Urza thought it a crusade. Xantcha knew it was a robbery.
Ill-Gotten Inheritance①"The suffering of others is not my concern."
Ill-Tempered Cyclops①A cyclops has two moods: angry and asleep.
Illicit Shipment①Whatever the Maestros had ordered, it wasn't anyone's business, including his.
Illithid Harvester①"Your mind belongs to the Emperor now."
Illness in the Ranks①"Selesnya denied us tribute. Let's show them the error of their ways."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Illuminate History①"Look at the detail in this stonework! Professor, our assumptions about early Kathorran tool use may not be correct."
Illuminated Folio①Most such relics remain clasped shut for fear of what ominous truths might be carved into the diptych inside.
Illuminated Wings①For a moment, Urza thought not of war and destruction, but of the freedom of the skies.
Illumination①"A brilliant light can either illuminate or blind. How will you know which until you open your eyes?"↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Illuminator Virtuoso①The Obscura reserve their keenest blades for traitors in their midst.
Illuminor Szeras①"Immortality is not quite the same as invulnerability, but it is close enough."
Illusion of Choice①"Please vote with a clear head and vigilant heart, knowing each voice is meaningful regardless of the outcome."↵-Ottavio d'Oro, Electoral Committee Speaker of Paliano
Illusionary Forces①"This school was founded in secret, operates in secret, and exists for the teaching of secrets. Those who would alter reality must first escape it."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Illusionary Presence①"We could feel the Shaman's power, as surely as we felt the storm."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Illusionary Servant①"Illusion is a handy but fragile medium. Use it only in a pinch, or against the dim-witted."↵-Jace Beleren
Illusionary Terrain①"The drawing of maps is fruitless in the west near the ice walls; the very earth is formless."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Illusionary Wall①"Let them see what is not there and feel what does not touch them. When they no longer trust their senses, that is the time to strike."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Illusionist's Bracers①It's easy to believe you're a god when you're twice as powerful as everyone else.
Illusionist's Stratagem①"When everything hangs on a single moment, be sure you choose the right moment."↵-Jace Beleren
Illusory Ambusher①"Violence is the food it craves. Feed it if you dare."↵-Doriel, mentor of Mistral Isle
Illusory Angel①"In a daze, I woke and looked upon the battlefield, where I could swear my dreams were laying waste to the enemy."↵-Letter from a soldier
Illusory Angel①"Yes, she is made of pure belief-but I hardly see why that makes her unique."↵-Reith, master illusionist
Illusory Demon①In the Maelstrom, a trick of the light can feast on human flesh.
Illusory Wrappings①"No amount of strength can help you overcome my trial. You must be ready to forgo your body and favor your mind."↵-Kefnet, god of knowledge
Illustrious Historian①The most distinguished Lorehold professors are eligible to receive extended tenure, even beyond the limits of their own mortality.
Ilysian Caryatid①Those who die as heroes are permitted to dwell in Ilysia, a protected realm of the Underworld as tranquil and vibrant as the rest is bleak.
Imagecrafter①When Otarians learned not to trust wizards, the wizards learned to adapt.
Imaginary Pet①"It followed me home. Can I keep it?"
Imaginary Threats①Liliana always knew Jace's illusions would come in handy.
Imaryll, Elfhame Elite①The elvish kingdoms of Llanowar are united in their distrust of outsiders.
Imi Statue①"Just looking at it fills me with dread . . . . Yet since it arrived, I've done little else. My blades have dulled and my business has failed, and still I cannot look away."↵-Keisaku, master swordmaker
Immaculate Magistrate①Elves of the immaculate class weave flora into living creatures-sometimes to endorse an elite warrior, sometimes to create a breathing work of art.
Immersturm Raider①The demons took no captives and claimed no spoils; they sought only to destroy.
Immobilizer Eldrazi①It denied the Zendikari the chance to stand and die fighting.
Immolating Glare①"The sun can warm your skin or blister it, nurture your crops or wither them, light your path or blind you. She is a fickle friend, but a far worse enemy."↵-Nazra of the Stone Havens
Immolating Gyre①"Nice army you had there."
Immolating Souleater①"We thank the souleaters for melting the sinful that we may be reminded of our own insignificance."↵-Drones' hymn of gratitude
Immolation Shaman①"Hello, kindling."
Immolation①Nothing is funnier to a devil than setting someone-anyone-on fire.
Immortal Phoenix①Their fires burn quietly, allowing the phoenixes to glide silently through the canyon.
Immortal Servitude①"The fine print of countless contracts has ensured we are never defenseless."↵-Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Imp's Mischief①"Do the innocent pay for the crimes of the guilty? Of course they do. That's the fate of the weak."↵-Nicol Bolas
Impact Tremors①"If their ears are to the ground, we will make them bleed!"↵-Taklai, Kolaghan warrior
Impact Tremors①"The only chance we have of getting out of this world is if we take care of Venger once and for all!"
Impaler Shrike①"Interrogation is an unnecessary step for acquiring information."↵-Politus, Gitaxian morphologist
Impale①Never let the glitter of gold distract you from the gleam of steel in the shadows.
Impassioned Orator①In times of unrest, the crowd is eager for the comfort of strong convictions.
Impatience①"I'm going to count to three. Three."
Impatience①Ask a Keldon to hold his temper and you'll be left holding your guts.
Impeccable Timing①To a trained warrior, there is scarcely a more potent weapon than patience.
Impeccable Timing①When Baral constructed his trap for Chandra, he did not account for the arrival of an enormous leonin wielding a twin-headed axe.
Impending Disaster①"The goblins are in charge of maintenance? Why not just set it on fire now and call it a day?"↵-Whip Tongue, viashino technician
Impending Doom①"Feast, for your next meal may be your last!"
Imperial Aerosaur①Its assistance is unnervingly similar to its hunting technique.
Imperial Ceratops①"The music of blades against its silver armor merely inspires it to bellow more full-throated melodies."↵-Huatli
Imperial Edict①Frustrated with Cao Cao's control of the imperial court, Emperor Xian secretly issued an edict condemning him, using his own blood as ink.
Imperial Lancer①"Together my mount and I are stronger than either of us apart."
Imperial Moth①"The moths of Eiganjo were once no different from any other great beast of Kamigawa's wilds. It took years of patience and dedication to convince them to bear riders."↵-*History of the Empire*
Imperial Oath①Those chosen to guard the Imperial Palace are not only unrivaled warriors but also lionhearted champions of the Imperial cause.
Imperial Outrider①Her mount's hollow crest can produce a trumpeting warning that carries for miles, summoning more knights to her aid.
Imperial Recruiter①A passionate recruiter will win a war before the first arrow flies.
Imperial Seal①"If Heaven has placed it in your hands, it means that the throne is destined to be yours."
Imperial Seal①"Oh, for heaven's sake, of course it was a death threat! What did you think was in an envelope like that, a wedding invitation?"↵-Magistrate's assistant
Imperial Seal①"Your presence at the palace this evening is required."↵-Letter from Queen Marchesa
Imperial Subduer①"Cease your pathetic struggling."
Imperiosaur①"An ancient, powerful force has overtaken the valley. I sympathize for its former inhabitants, but I rejoice for the land itself."↵-Olanti, Muraganda druid
Imperious Oligarch①The rights of ghosts are strictly protected under Orzhov bylaws, and those who enforce them can count on the ghosts' assistance.
Imperious Perfect①In a culture of beauty, the most beautiful are worshipped as gods.
Impervious Greatwurm①The ultimate answer to intrigue and subtlety.
Impetuous Sunchaser①"I will soar higher than the walls of Akros! Higher than the clouds! Higher than Heliod himself!"
Implement of Combustion①A dream of fire lies coiled inside, waiting for its glorious awakening.
Implement of Examination①A tool to see the unseen.
Implement of Improvement①A mystery in metal.
Implements of Sacrifice①Relics of the Order of the Ebon Hand, the bowl and dagger bespeak the hideous cruelty of its rituals.
Implode①To save Dominaria, nine planeswalkers sought the annihilation of Phyrexia itself.
Imposing Grandeur①The wedding's lavish decorations paled in comparison to the opulence of its elite guests.
Imposing Sovereign①Some are born to rule. The rest are born to bow before them.
Imposing Vantasaur①Raugrin's coastline can be quite beautiful, as long as you avoid the volcanic dinosaurs, the sea dinosaurs, and the roaming beach dinosaurs.
Imposing Visage①"I can't believe they expect me to fight with this rabble. A Goblin in a big mask sends 'em running for cover."↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Imposing Visage①With the horrible mask, Lagfrak the Low terrorized the countryside. But then he met Il-Chunt, the mask's model . . . .
Imposter Mech①The best way to fight evil is with its own weapons.
Impostor of the Sixth Pride①The tribe was as strong as his longing, their territory as vast as his isolation. The changeling knew he had found a home, and a form.
Impounding Lot-Bot①Not all tickets can be exchanged for prizes.
Imprisoned in the Moon①Only one vault was great enough to hold Emrakul.
Improbable Alliance①"I agreed to light his way as long as he always had my back."↵-Squill, Mistford pixie
Impromptu Raid①For the Scuzzback gang, it's always "raid o'clock."
Improvised Armor①"I trust what I make for myself. Do you trust more what is made for you by another?"
Improvised Weaponry①Anything can be a weapon if you swing it hard enough.
Impulse①"Controlling time ensures you need never look impulsive again."↵-Teferi
Impulse①"I've always made snap decisions. I'm just better at making the right ones now that I'm older and wiser."↵-Teferi
Impulse①"You call it luck. I call it preparation."
In Bolas's Clutches①"Your contract is in default. You belong to me now. Serve, or die."↵-Nicol Bolas
In Garruk's Wake①Beyond pain, beyond obsession and wild despair, there lies a place of twisted power only the most tormented souls can reach.
In Oketra's Name①"A single grain of sand is insignificant, but a sandstorm can reduce pyramids to dust. Stand with your crop. Become the storm."↵-Oketra, god of solidarity
In the Web of War①"In desperation, Konda sent warriors to parley with the ogre-magi. No one knows whether they were slaughtered at Shinka or if they even reached its bloodstained walls."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Inaction Injunction①"To prevent action is to prevent transgression."↵-Azorius Arrester motto
Iname, Death Aspect①Iname revels in sadistic glee at the crushing of souls, but soon mourns the lives so cruelly cut short. So the cycle begins anew.
Iname, Life Aspect①Iname rejoices in the dawn of a new life, but soon becomes jealous of the simple joys denied him by his station. So the cycle begins anew.
Incandescent Aria①As the assassins converged on Kitt Kanto, she struck a high note and held it, unbroken, for nearly a minute. When the room fell silent, she was surrounded only by rose petals falling gently to the floor.
Incarnation Technique①"Draw out your fear, but don't let it control you. You're in charge now."
Incendiary Flow①"What's your plan?" Gideon asked. "Are you serious?" Chandra replied.
Incendiary Flow①"What's your plan?" Gideon asked.↵"Are you serious?" Chandra replied.
Incendiary Oracle①The flamespeakers of Akros live passionately, devoted to Purphoros and the cycle of destructive creation.
Incendiary Sabotage①"All of those Consulate safety measures undone with one simple tweak."
Incinerate①"Never taunt an embermage, 'What are you going to do about it?'"↵-Akin, seasoned askari
Incinerate①"Spontaneous combustion is a myth. If you burst into flame, someone wanted you to."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Incinerate①"Who said there are no assurances in life? I assure you this is going to hurt."
Incinerate①"Yes, I think 'toast' is an appropriate description."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Incinerate①"Yes, I think 'toast' is an appropriate description."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Incite Hysteria①"The Boros say they want to bring order to Ravnica. Funny then, how well they use chaos."↵-Trigori, Azorius senator
Incite Insight①After a hundred failed patent applications, Cornelian was stunned to find that no one had ever created a steam-powered autonomous ice cream delivery system. He immediately designed a gnome with scoops for hands.
Incite Rebellion①Nothing breaks the monotony like a good old-fashioned riot.
Incited Rabble①Rumors are sparks: gather enough of them and something's going to catch fire.
Incite①The veneer of rationality peeled from the mage, revealing the spite and rage beneath.
Incorrigible Youths①"Ah, to be young again."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Incremental Blight①Shadowmoor's main crops are rot, slime, and despair.
Incremental Growth①"Tie a mouse under a bridge, and your cabbages will triple in size."↵-Kithkin superstition
Incremental Growth①The bonds of family cross the boundaries of race.
Incriminate①"If I were you, I'd check that elf's coat. I saw him slipping something into his pocket just before you arrived."↵-Krandal, freelance instigator
Incubator Drone①The touch of an Eldrazi brings life and death in turn.
Incurable Ogre①Each mutation causes the incurables to look vastly different from one another. They are left with only one thing in common: their insatiable lust for the slaughter.
Incursion Specialist①"Work for the Dimir again? That depends. Tell me more about this maze."
Indatha Crystal①Crystals nestle in the roots of Indatha's helica trees as if being nurtured by their embrace.
Indatha Triome①"These lowlands were formed thousands of years ago by behemoth Indath-its final footsteps before vanishing into the sea."↵-*Tales of the Ozolith*
Indatha Triome①"These lowlands were formed thousands of years ago by the behemoth Indath-its final footsteps before vanishing into the sea."↵-*Tales of the Ozolith*
Indebted Samurai①"Forgive me, Saburo. I could not save you. But your blade will not rest in my hand."
Indentured Djinn①It's not always clear who's the master and who's the servant.
Indentured Oaf①All it knows is the difference between friend and food.
Independent Troops①"The empire, long united, must divide, and long divided, must unite."
Indestructibility①"By all means, keep trying."
Indestructible Aura①Theodar strode the battle lines, snatching swords with his bare hands and casting them aside until all cowered before him.
Index①"Let's see . . . Mercadia, mercenary, merfolk . . . you know, I really need a better filing system."
Index①"What good is having all the right answers if you have them at all the wrong times?"
Indigo Faerie①"You should see your face right now."
Indomitable Ancients①"Odum and Broadbark were the only beings mighty enough to challenge the giant Moran the Destroyer. Their battle lasted a hundred dawns, until Moran became so exhausted that he fell into namesleep. He awoke as Moran the Gardener."↵-*The Tale of Odum and Broadbark*
Indomitable Archangel①"Every sword drawn to defend is an angelic blade, guided to justice by an angelic hand."↵-Auriok proverb
Indomitable Will①"Charge bravely. Fight selflessly. Act honorably. Iroas will watch over you."↵-Verenis, priest of Iroas
Indomitable Will①"None of you are yet samurai. Defend your homes with honor, die for your cause, and perhaps then you will be worthy of the word."↵-General Takeno
Indrik Stomphowler①"An indrik's howl has destructive power much subtler than that of its crushing foot. The sound is mundane, but inaudible vibrations scatter and sunder magical contrivances."↵-Simic research notes
Indrik Stomphowler①An indrik's howl has destructive power much subtler than that of its crushing foot.
Induce Despair①All the angel saw was her doom.
Indulgent Aristocrat①"If you're not surrounded by decadence, my question to you is-why not?"
Indulgent Tormentor①The promise of anguish is payment enough for services rendered.
Indulging Patrician①"Just a nibble for now. I wouldn't want to ruin my appetite."
Ineffable Blessing①"Hallowed be this assemblage of various stuff!"
Ineffable Blessing①"Hallowed be this assortment of diverse things!"
Ineffable Blessing①"Hallowed be this collection of miscellaneous items!"
Ineffable Blessing①"Hallowed be this compilation of mixed objects!"
Ineffable Blessing①"Hallowed be this gathering of eclectic products!"
Ineffable Blessing①"Hallowed be this potpourri of sundry goods!"
Inertia Bubble①"I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself."↵-Bruenna, Neurok leader
Inescapable Blaze①"The Izzet are blamed for every little disaster, which is unfair because we only cause most of them."↵-Mizzix of the Izmagnus
Inescapable Brute①If you think you made it past him alive, he's just teasing you.
Inevitable End①"How many more will die before you accept your fate?"↵-Erebos, god of the dead
Inexorable Tide①"See how gratefully this world accepts our blessings."↵-Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Infantry Veteran①"Any fool can pick up a sword and charge into battle. To emerge alive at the end, that is a gift that comes from leadership and experience."
Infantry Veteran①"Swords, to me! We must engage their line to protect our archers and mages. Let no one fail this task!"
Infantry Veteran①"The true dishonor for a soldier is surviving the war."↵-Telim'Tor
Infantry Veteran①"This scar? From a zombie's teeth. This scar? From a barbarian's axe. That scar? I don't talk about that one."
Infectious Horror①Not once in the history of Grixis has anyone died of old age.
Infectious Host①"Lost man, dead man, knocking on the door. Cankerman, soreman, knock no more."↵-Ravnican children's rhyme
Infernal Contract①"But I signed nothing!"↵-Taraneh, Suq'Ata mage
Infernal Contract①"East and West meet and angels cry. Unholy power darkens the sky."↵-"The Ballad of the Paladins"
Infernal Darkness①"I thought the day had brought enough horrors for our ragged band, but the night was far worse."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Infernal Darkness①"I thought the day had brought enough horrors for our ragged band, but the night was far worse."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Infernal Grasp①Ancient evils dwell within the burning chasm called the Ashmouth, ever ready to devour those foolish enough to travel alone.
Infernal Harvest①"I offered you eternal life; I just didn't say *where*."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Infernal Kirin①The kirin bellowed-an echoing, twisted parody of its once-inspirational call.
Infernal Pet①"Here, my pet. Another little light for you to snuff out."↵-Kzarakh, Immersturm gamekeeper
Infernal Plunge①"Oh mighty Griselbrand, Scourge of the Heedless World, gladly I consume myself for thee!"
Infernal Reckoning①"When these intruders are gone, Zendikar will be my throne, my palace, my playground."
Infernal Scarring①One who is marked by a demon in life is sure to be remembered as one in death.
Infernal Tribute①"I would not barter my soul for any of the filth that they called power. So they took it from me and damned me to solitude."↵-Crovax
Infernius Spawnington III, Esq.①See evil, hear evil, speak evil.
Inferno Elemental①"Those who wish to invade our monastery, please take it up with my servant."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Inferno Fist①"I've never been above throwing the first punch."
Inferno Jet①"When the whole world is crazy, it's important to find something you can rely on."
Inferno Project①Art born from such raw emotion often takes on a life of its own.
Inferno Trap①"Do you smell something burning?"
Inferno of the Star Mounts①The ancient dragon Imvaernarhro has earned his fiery nickname.
Inferno①"Any scrap of compassion that still existed in my soul was permanently snuffed out when they cast me out into the flames." -Mairsil, called the Pretender
Inferno①"Any scrap of compassion that still existed in my soul was permanently snuffed out when they cast me out into the flames."↵-Mairsil, called the Pretender
Inferno①"Some have said there is no subtlety to destruction. You know what? They're dead."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Inferno①"Some have said there is no subtlety to destruction. You know what? They're dead."↵-Wandering mage
Infestation Expert①There's only so many times she can take being asked . . .
Infested Werewolf①. . . "What's bugging you?"
Infest①"It is from Phage that this evil springs, and to her it shall return."↵-Akroma, angelic avenger
Infest①"This is why we don't go out in banewasp weather."↵-Rannon, Vithian holdout
Infiltrate①Getting in was the easy part. Getting out proved to be more difficult.
Infiltration Lens①Neurok spies carry devices that let them look a few moments into the future, giving them an almost insurmountable edge.
Infiltrator's Magemark①"In secrecy is strength. None can oppose one who cannot be found."↵-Szadek
Infinity Elemental①It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says, "It's so infinite that its flavor text says,
Inflame①A Vulshok weapon strikes with the fire of the forge that made it.
Inflame①Wound, maim, kill: it's all the same to a Keldon.
Information Booth①"Sir, this may be the information booth, but I cannot answer ontological questions. It would be arrogant to assume I could describe the true nature of reality. Also there's a line."
Information Booth①"When I arrived, I was looking for the costume shop. But when I left, I'd learned what I was really looking for: myself. Five stars."↵-*Salzon's Ride Review*
Information Booth①Since the majority of the park's business model is based around aimless wandering, this is not where Myra stations her best people.
Information Booth①The information booth can answer over thirty-seven billion questions. Half the guests ask where the bathroom is.
Information Dealer①"One wizard is a suspect. Two wizards are a conspiracy."↵-Elvish refugee
Infuriate①"No shirt, no shoes, no service."↵-Marketplace sign
Infuriate①"Renata launched a dozen arrows into the minotaur's thick hide, but the monster didn't slow its charge. The fury of Mogis was upon it."↵-Luphea of Setessa, *Histories*
Infuriate①"Some mages duel using intricate spellcraft and superior tactics. Others just get really, really mad."↵-*Secrets of the Feradorn Sorcerers*
Infuse with Vitality①Dina raised her cup to Killian's lips, and for the first time in his life, he knew compassion.
Infuse with the Elements①"Zendikar has given us the weapons to wage war on the appropriate scale."↵-Najiya, leader of the Tajuru
Infuse①"The potential for change lies in all things. Know a thing's nature, know its possibilities, and know it anew."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Inga Rune-Eyes①Each path ever charted by an Omenseeker is etched into her eyes.
Ingenious Artillerist①"Sure, you can help me calibrate the aiming mechanism. Stand over there."
Ingenious Skaab①Heads and shoulders above the rest.
Ingot Chewer①Elementals are ideas given form. This one is the idea of "smashitude."
Inheritance①"More than lessons may be gained from the past."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Inheritance①"More than lessons may be gained from the past."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Inherited Fiend①"Well done, young fool, well done! Now for your reward."
Inhumaniac①For the mind-minded mastermind.
Initiate's Companion①"I'd like to say that it's our pet, but the reverse may be closer to the truth."↵-Ixor, initiate of Rhet crop
Initiates of the Ebon Hand①"Many Initiates sacrificed a hand to become full members of the Order."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Initiates of the Ebon Hand①"We are no longer Nature's children, but her masters . . . ."↵-Oath of the Ebon Hand
Initiates of the Ebon Hand①Ebon leaders soon realized that non-human races often had special talents that could be exploited.
Ink-Treader Nephilim①When it awoke, the mirrors of the world reflected only darkness.
Inkfathom Divers①"None appreciate sun and shallows like those who have seen the depths."↵-Lianda of the Stonybrook school
Inkfathom Infiltrator①No one can navigate the dank maze of Shadowmoor's rivers better than the cruel and covetous merrows. They use the currents to steal-and to steal away.
Inkfathom Witch①The murk of the Wanderbrine concealed unseemly rituals designed to bring out the worst in merrowkind.
Inkling Summoning①"Think of an insult so vicious, so vulgar, that you hesitate to speak it aloud. The strongest, most aggressive inklings are born from such scorn."↵-Embrose, Silverquill dean
Inkrise Infiltrator①"They can't follow your footprints if you never touch the ground."
Inkshield①Silverquill's elite know how to offer a scathing rebuttal without uttering a word.
Inkwell Leviathan①"Into its maw went the seventh sea, never to be seen again while the world remains."↵-Esper fable
Inner Calm, Outer Strength①The ghostly objects around the kami circled faster and faster, creating a dizzying cyclone of motion. When it opened its eyes, it struck.
Inner Fire①"Heart of Sokenzan, I call to you! Lend me your fire."
Inner Sanctum①"Save me from Maraxus," Starke pleaded, "or condemn me to his wrath. Either way, do not ignore me!"
Inner Struggle①"Reflect upon your evils lest they reflect upon you."↵-Inquisitor Laerin
Inner-Chamber Guard①"It seems that each time I visit Lord Konda his guards are more on edge, perhaps even more eager for the war to reach them."↵-Masako the Humorless
Inner-Flame Igniter①A light an army can follow.
Innocence Kami①Her voice was light, her substance music.
Innocent Blood①Zombies mourn for the living and celebrate those who will soon be given the gift of death.
Innocent Traveler①"Aren't you going to invite me in?"
Innocent Traveler①I looked at her throat just now as she lay asleep, and the tiny wounds seem not to have healed.
Inordinate Rage①"In my years wandering this land I've seen a veritable menagerie of fantastic creatures, but one that has eluded me thus far is the fabled 'easygoing minotaur.'"↵-Ko, expedition wizard
Inquisition of Kozilek①"To dwell within the Blind Eternities is unthinkable. To encounter those who do could shatter the mind."↵-*Chronicle of the Titans*
Inquisition of Kozilek①After the awakening of the Eldrazi, some vampires took it upon themselves to remind the others where their loyalty should lie.
Inquisition of Kozilek①You will scream out your innermost secrets just to make it stop.
Inquisition①Many of those entrusted to Primata Delphine's care tended to express themselves with screams.
Inquisitive Puppet①"The strings were gone, but he still felt the pull of invisible forces tugging at his mind."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Inquisitor Exarch①"Skin is the prison of the blessed and the stronghold of the heretic."↵-Argent Etchings, plate 64, passage 17
Inquisitor's Ox①Many fields now lie fallow in Gavony, as the oxen have been confiscated to perform other duties.
Inquisitor's Snare①Driven by their paranoia, kithkin inflict on their foes all the agonies they believe would have been inflicted on them.
Insatiable Appetite①He ate them out of house and home and shed and barn and flock and herd.
Insatiable Gorgers①"Drink deeply, for there is no tomorrow!"↵-Anje Falkenrath
Insatiable Harpy①Gold coin, battered helmet, broken wrist bone-all have the same value in the eyes of a harpy.
Insatiable Souleater①"We thank the souleaters for culling our sick so that the strong may earn their triumphs."↵-Drones' hymn of gratitude
Insectile Aberration①"Aha! Yes! Now I hear it, the beautiful poetry of the lights in the sky. I must reach the moon and ask what it all means!"
Insectile Aberration①"Unfortunately, all my test animals have died or escaped, so I shall be the final subject. I feel no fear. This is a momentous night."↵-Laboratory notes, final entry
Inside Out①Seyden's temperament didn't take well to the puca's magic. Nor did his face.
Insidious Dreams①Chainer dreams of ultimate knowledge.
Insidious Will①"We meet again, pyromancer."↵-Baral, Chief of Compliance
Insight①"We can fight with you or against you. After my day, I'd prefer the former."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Insist①"Finesse is no match for brute force."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Insolence①"Sacrificing mortal dragons to satisfy your immortal hunger ends here."↵-Darigaaz, to Rith
Insolent Neonate①"Manners are for mortals."
Inspiration①"Day 31: I finally succeeded in my time reversal experiment! "Day 30: I might have a problem here."↵-Journal of the Prime Izmagnus
Inspiration①"Madness and genius are separated only by degrees of success."↵-Sidar Jabari
Inspiration①Madness and genius are separated only by degrees of success.
Inspire Awe①Nylea appeared amid the howl of a hundred beasts.
Inspired Charge①"For the lands you have lost and the beauty that remains, for freedom and the future, we must hold nothing back!"↵-Gideon Jura
Inspired Charge①"Impossible! How could they overwhelm us? We had barricades, war elephants, . . . and they were barely a tenth of our number!"↵-General Avitora
Inspired Charge①"Impossible! How could they overwhelm us? We had barricades, war elephants, … and they were barely a tenth of our number!"↵-General Avitora
Inspired Charge①"We are armed with light and steel. Who can stand against us?"
Inspired Charge①One dwarf on a build team ensures competence. All dwarves on the team ensures brilliance.
Inspired Idea①Stitching is an ever-evolving field, with each new advancement reaching a new height of horror.
Inspired Tinkering①"What do you mean 'Does it work?' What an insulting question."
Inspired Ultimatum①"Inner peace is wonderful, and worth striving for. Outer peace is much less important."↵-Taelya, Lavabrink pyromage
Inspiring Bard①"Wake up, my friends! There are deeds to be done and treasures to be won!"
Inspiring Call①"Now is the hour. Ours is the duty. For victory and family-charge!"
Inspiring Call①The voice of a clamavus commands all who carry the genetic legacy of the Tyranids in their blood.
Inspiring Captain①"Our enemies will soon discover that we are not as meek as they had believed."
Inspiring Captain①"Time to show the foe our true mettle."
Inspiring Cleric①"The Immortal Sun will bring us true eternal life to replace the everlasting shadow of undeath."
Inspiring Leader①Your family needed a farmer, so you tilled. Your town needed a fighter, so you trained. When your people needed a leader, you knew what you had to do.
Inspiring Overseer①"This city could certainly use a bit more divine intervention."↵-Inspector Jillard
Inspiring Roar①"This is about more than aether or inventions. Tezzeret's schemes must be stopped!"↵-Ajani Goldmane
Inspiring Statuary①Ghirapur's most celebrated inventors have been immortalized in clockwork.
Inspiring Unicorn①There are two lives: the life you live before you see a unicorn, and the life you live after.
Inspiring Vantage①Ghirapur is a beacon of inspiration, attracting the most brilliant minds on Kaladesh.
Inspiring Veteran①"I fight for my daughter, who may not set foot on a battlefield for many years. Remember who you fight for."
Inspirit①"The hour of your redemption is here. . . . Rally to me. . . . rise and strike. Strike at every favorable opportunity. For your homes and hearths, strike!"↵-General Douglas MacArthur, to the people of the Philippines
Inspirit①"We will force the Cabal into their own pits!"
Instigator①The desecration of their dead makes even the Saprazzans careless.
Instill Furor①"The Rakdos know little of technology, but they definitely know how to push buttons."↵-Trivaz, Izzet mage
Instill Infection①"The results of our ninth inoculation were the same. The specimen was, of course, euthanized before the contagion could spread."↵-Vedalken research notes
Insurrection①"Maybe they wanted to be on the winning side for once."↵-Matoc, lavamancer
Intangible Virtue①In life, they were a motley crew: farmers, lords, cutpurses, priests. In death, they are united in singular, benevolent purpose.
Intervene①"At first I simply observed. But I found that without investment in others, life serves no purpose."↵-Karn, silver golem
Intimidation Bolt①For hours afterward, all they could see was the grisly silhouette of their master, screaming.
Intimidation①"If they move, kill them. In fact, kill one now to make sure the other understands."
Intimidator Initiate①Don't stand in his way, for his way is full of pointy things and fire.
Into Thin Air①"Perhaps I should take Mirrodin apart and begin again."↵-Memnarch
Into the Core①"They believe they're driving us back, but we're leading them to their doom."↵-Kethek, furnace stoker
Into the Earthen Maw①"You may even see them again. Full digestion takes three hundred years."
Into the Maw of Hell①Few entrances lead to where demons and devils lurk. Unfortunately, they occasionally open new ones.
Into the Night①"When lost souls wander into the woods, the wilds have a way of showing them who they really are."↵-Rahilda, Vildin-Pack alpha
Into the North①"Our border lands fall under the grip of Heidar's second winter. Go forth and reclaim them for Yavimaya."↵-Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Into the Roil①"Roil tide! Roil tide! Tie yourselves down!"
Into the Roil①In theory, the death of the Eldrazi should have stilled the Roil. It did not.
Into the Story①The boundary between real and imaginary is as thin as the page, and just as easily torn.
Into the Void①"The cathars have their swords, the inquisitors their axes. I prefer the 'diplomatic' approach."↵-Terhold, archmage of Drunau
Into the Wilds①"Wonders hide where the trees grow thickest."↵-Mul Daya proverb
Intrepid Hero①"We each have our own strengths, Radiant," Serra said with a sly smile. "If all of my people were like this one, who would carry your scrolls?"
Intrepid Hero①A fool knows no fear. A hero shows no fear.
Intrepid Provisioner①"How do I know where aid is needed? Look around you."
Introduction to Annihilation①"I've never seen a student fail quite so spectacularly. There's potential in that."↵-Hostram, professor of arcanochemistry
Introduction to Prophecy①Final grades are posted on the first day of class.
Introductions Are in Order①"Meet my newest minion. Come now, don't be shy-shake her pincer."
Intruder Alarm①Mirri was startled by Volrath's apparition-it had no scent.
Intruder Alarm①One footstep among many is silent. One footstep alone is deafening.
Intrusive Packbeast①Good at carrying things. Really good at knocking them down.
Inundate①"For years, the landfolk have emptied their refuse into the waters. It's time to return the favor."
Invade the City①Death greeted the world with a roar of desert air.
Invading Manticore①"Fall back! You are no match for this."↵-Samut
Invasion Plans①Gerrard studied the globe as Mirri kept watch. Suddenly, his eyes widened. "This is Dominaria!"
Invasive Species①It's easier to relocate a village that lies in their path than to turn the bugs aside.
Inventor's Apprentice①"Everyone starts off making garbage. If you finally make something halfway decent, it'll be the best day of your life."↵-Nehra, inventor
Inverter of Truth①In its shadow, everything changed.
Invigorated Rampage①Gremlins can change from pest to problem to plague in the span of a moment.
Invigorating Boon①The Mirari's echoes rang in the scouts' minds long after they had returned from the Krosan Forest.
Invigorating Falls①Krosan druids do not fear death, for they know that nature will only prosper from their passing.
Invigorating Surge①For hydras, most problems can be solved with the addition of a few extra heads.
Invincible Hymn①Bantians believe those who are born into the highest caste and live a life of discipline and virtue can ascend to become angels.
Inviolability①A soldier's faith is magic strong enough to protect against any blade.
Invisibility①Verick held his breath. Breathing wouldn't reveal his position, but it would force him to smell the goblins.
Invisible Stalker①"All that concerns me is the vampires' sense of smell and those freezing Nephalian nights."
Invoke Despair①Although officials said it was a sewer failure, the people whispered that it was a warning of night's reach.
Invoke the Ancients①After large sections were clear-cut to build Towashi, the once-peaceful Jukai Forest grew violently hostile to outsiders.
Invoke the Divine①"Let go of all that harms you. Cast your burdens into the darkness, and build for the faithful a house of light."↵-*Song of All*, canto 1008
Invoke the Divine①"Let's see how brave you really are behind all that oak and steel."
Invoke the Firemind①To those in tune with the Firemind, there is no difference between knowledge and flame.
Invoke the Winds①"Are you seriously telling me your heavy combat mech . . . blew away?"↵-Risona, leader of the Asari Uprisers
Ion Storm①When enough artifacts lie too long in the same place, their magical radiation weakens reality, opening rifts of unpredictable destructive power.
Iona's Blessing①"Walk now in my light. When the rest of the world closes its eyes, you will still see."↵-Iona
Iona's Judgment①Beneath the gaze of angels, only the righteous may stand without fear.
Iona, Shield of Emeria①No more shall the righteous cower before evil.
Ionize①"Countermagic is a simple process of breaking matter into its elementary particles."
Ire of Kaminari①"Thunder broke the brittle silence over the Araba. A surge of raw energy lifted the soldier's body into the air and briefly, in the heart of the flash, he saw the face of a god."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Irencrag Feat①The greatest challenge isn't the stifling heat but the crushing weight of those who failed before.
Irencrag Pyromancer①"Fear of fire is a sensible instinct. If I were you, I'd be terrified."
Irenicus's Vile Duplication①"You will serve me better in this form."↵-Jon Irenicus
Iridescent Angel①She enraptures all, encompasses all, endures all.
Iridescent Hornbeetle①The hatchlings will fill the jungles of Murasa in a glittering tide.
Iridian Maelstrom①A thousand years ago, Phyrexia poisoned Serra's Realm and engineered its collapse. On shimmering waves generations in the making, the angels finally took their revenge.
Irini Sengir①"That cruel being brings shame to all her fellow Dwarves and misery to all the land. She is Sengir's daughter in spirit if not in blood."↵-Reveka, Wizard Savant
Iroas's Blessing①The blessing is not the strength itself, but the knowledge of how to use it.
Iroas's Champion①Accustomed to battling before an audience in the arena, Iroas's champions know how to put on a good show.
Iron Apprentice①"I needed an extra set of hands, so I built one."↵-Kenji, Sokenzan artisan
Iron Bully①"Why would someone have built ... wait, never mind. Send it to the front lines!"↵-Commander Grozdan
Iron Golem①Once an iron golem is set to a task, it won't turn aside until that task is complete or it has been destroyed.
Iron Lance①"The only way to get Mercadians to fight on the front lines is to give them really long weapons."↵-Gerrard
Iron League Steed①The Iron League prides itself on its metal-shaping techniques.
Iron Maiden①The maiden is a jealous lover.
Iron Myr①The goblins didn't think of the myr at all, which allowed the myr to observe everywhere unhindered.
Iron Myr①The myr are like rusted metal: gleaming purpose hidden by a thin disguise of debris.
Iron Star①Forged by a thousand flames.
Iron Tusk Elephant①"The fury in the lion's eye;↵the patience in the hippo's yawn;↵the pride within the griffin's cry↵are one within the iron tusk's stride."↵-"Iron Tusk," Femeref song
Iron Verdict①"You'll raid nothing but mist in Istfell."
Iron-Barb Hellion①When you feel a rumble in the ground, hold perfectly still. One sound will bring the hellion.
Ironclad Krovod①"We need to block the exits from the plaza! What's big, heavy, and available?"↵-Gideon Jura
Ironclad Revolutionary①As the rebellion spread, renegade ingenuity outpaced the Consulate's greatest fears.
Ironclad Slayer①The best weapon is the one at hand.
Ironclaw Buzzardiers①They warn the army of danger as they squawk past in swift retreat.
Ironclaw Orcs①Generations of genetic weeding have given rise to the deviously cowardly Ironclaw clan.
Ironclaw Orcs①Generations of genetic weeding have given rise to the deviously cowardly Ironclaw clan. To say that Orcs in general are vicious, depraved, and ignoble does not do justice to the Ironclaw.
Ironfang①Each morning, he repairs the front door.
Ironhoof Boar①"I'm glad she can run again, but this might have been a bit much."↵-Kenji, Sokenzan artisan
Ironhoof Ox①The good news is it's vegetarian. The bad news is it just doesn't like you.
Ironroot Treefolk①"'I'll show you how to handle the treefolk!' the giant bragged, and he strode off into the forest. Two days later he returned, his face masked in sap and a nest behind his ear. None dared ask who won."↵-Azeworai, "The Treeling"
Ironroot Treefolk①The mating habits of Treefolk, particularly the stalwart Ironroot Treefolk, are truly absurd. Molasses comes to mind. It's amazing the species can survive at all given such protracted periods of mate selection, conjugation, and gestation.
Ironroot Warlord①"Alone, it's a fortification. At the head of its troops, it's a battering ram."↵-Skerk Hobnett, wilderness guide
Ironscale Hydra①"Put down your bows, you fools! Arrows only make it angry!"↵-Callia, Hyrax Tower scout
Ironshell Beetle①"Please don't feed the beetles."↵-Promenade warning sign
Ironshell Beetle①"Why waste time creating weapons? Nature provides us with all we need."↵-Centaur warrior
Ironsoul Enforcer①"You break it, you buy it. You steal it, I find it."
Irontread Crusher①"We've been through a lot together."
Ironwright's Cleansing①"Impurities must be pounded out."
Irradiate①The blast ignores the cage of metal but devours the flesh inside.
Irregular Cohort①Where fickle form meets lasting loyalty.
Irresistible Prey①The baloth's instincts boiled, its muscles pulled taut, and its razor-spines bristled, as it turned to face-a runt meepling.
Irreverent Revelers①To some satyrs, only blasphemy is sacred.
Isamaru, Hound of Konda①The hound sniffed the air and let slip a low growl. General Takeno looked down at the faithful Isamaru and calmed him with a touch. "Alert the guard. The kami are coming."
Isamaru, Hound of Konda①The hound sniffed the air and let slip a low growl. General Takeno looked down at the faithful Isamaru and calmed him with a touch. "Alert the men. The kami are coming."
Isao, Enlightened Bushi①"I do not care if he claims no allegiance in this war. Find him, Takeno."↵-Lord Konda
Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker①"Through me, the Great Teacher's voice will rattle this world."
Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot①"Here fell Ishi-Ishi, King of the Flaming Pebbles, Scourge of the Mountain Kami, Lover of Goats. May his shell never burn."↵-Cave inscription
Island of Wak-Wak①The Isle of Wak-Wak, home to a tribe of winged folk, is named for a peculiar fruit that grows there. The fruit looks like a woman's head, and when ripe speaks the word "Wak."
Island①After careful study, you've determined that the giant ruins served to track the movement of the planets ... and they will soon align once more.
Island①Alarmed by the news you brought, the storm giant king of the Maelstrom has called his kin to council.
Island①As you gaze down upon Wyrm's Crossing, you hear distant cries of alarm, and you notice that all traffic on the bridge has come to a halt.
Island①As you sail past the imposing Seatower of Balduran, you realize that breaking your friend out of that prison will be much harder than you thought.
Island①As your ship clears the edge of Waterdeep harbor, you notice pirate sails on the horizon. What has made them so bold?
Island①In crystal-studded waters far below the surface, you've discovered an incubating egg of mysterious origin.
Island①The ship's captain promised she'd get you safely to the Netherese ruin, but *she* is the one who just washed overboard.
Island①You're about to disembark to find the harbormaster when you spot a merfolk darting underneath your ship.
Isleback Spawn①The more deadly the lake monster, the shorter the tale.
Isolated Chapel①Not every church is a place of faith.
Isolated Chapel①Serra's blessing lies strongest upon Sursi, where her holy chapels are untouched even as the Cabal encroaches.
Isolate①Threefold were his crimes, doubled were his pleas, singular was his fate.
Isolation Cell①"Attrition is the answer. Starve them, and let their despair be their undoing."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Isolation Zone①When properly aligned, hedrons become powerful tools of binding.
Isperia, Supreme Judge①"I serve only justice. But through that duty, I serve all of Ravnica."
Isshin, Two Heavens as One①Trained by the Imperials but disillusioned by their rigidity, he gave his heart-and his swords-to the Asari Uprising.
It Came from Planet Glurg①A sludge with a grudge.
It That Betrays①Your pleas for death shall go unheard.
It That Gets Left Hanging①"Give me . . . some skin."
It That Rides as One①". . . but until this morning, I'd never seen them be of one body."↵-Ulda, Gavony Rider
Itlimoc, Cradle of the Sun①"The true treasures of our world are found ni the wild places, where Ixalli's light shines brightest."↵-Huatli
Itlimoc, Cradle of the Sun①Before the Sun Empire was born, humans and merfolk joined their magic to invoke a blessing of fertility on the land.
Ivory Crane Netsuke①It is said that the feathers of a crane are clouds, plucked and sewn together by the hands of the kami.
Ivory Cup①Blessed by a thousand prayers.
Ivory Guardians①"But who is to guard the guards themselves?"↵-Juvenal, *Satires*
Ivory Guardians①The elite guard of the Mesa High Priests, the Ivory Guardians were created to protect the innocent and faithful.
Ivory Guardians①The elite guard of the Mesa High Priests, the Ivory Guardians, were created to protect the innocent and faithful. Some say their actions are above the law.
Ivory Mask①"I did not choose my role, Orim," said Cho-Manno patiently, "and I suspect Gerrard did not choose his."
Ivory Mask①Made from its wearer's hopes, the mask ensures that those hopes will be fulfilled.
Ivory Tower①"Ringed by white stone, Terisia was a city of scholarship and knowledge, where magic promised a brighter future to a world devoured by artifice."↵-*The Antiquities War*
Ivory Tower①Valuing scholarship above all else, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower reward those who sacrifice power for knowledge.
Ivorytusk Fortress①Abzan soldiers march to war confident that their Houses march with them.
Ivy Dancer①Her ivy locks are a remnant of the wooded wilds now lost to Ravnica forever.
Ivy Elemental①For safety reasons, the keeping of houseplants within Ikoria's sanctuaries is heavily discouraged.
Ivy Elemental①In the gardens of the centaurs, many travelers have mysteriously vanished while admiring the elaborate topiaries.
Ivy Lane Denizen①"Skyknight gear? Well, I have drake-skin gauntlets, supple and fireproof. Or a ceratok chestplate that'll stop a crossbow bolt."
Ixalan's Binding①Jace awoke to the certainty that he was lost.
Ixalli's Keeper①The people of the Sun Empire worship the sun in three aspects. Ixalli is the Verdant Sun, who fosters growth in all things.
Ixidor's Will①"Some dreams should not come to be."
Ixidor, Reality Sculptor①"Reality has exiled me. I am no longer bound by its laws."
Izzet Chronarch①He ensures not only whether but also when and where the lightning strikes twice.
Izzet Cluestone①It holds within it an unsolvable riddle. A creative answer yields an invitation to the guild.
Izzet Guildgate①"Yesterday I didn't recognize my own guild. Today I see why. And for tomorrow I must be prepared."↵-Niv-Mizzet
Izzet Guildgate①Beyond lies the culmination of all Izzet projects, a grand experiment led by the dragon Niv-Mizzet himself.
Izzet Guildgate①Enter those with the vision to create and the daring to release their creations.
Izzet Guildgate①Every laboratory buzzes with new experiments, each a piece of Ral's ambitious project.
Izzet Locket①"Remember to discharge your locket every seven hours. Unless you prefer the spontaneous aether overload, of course."↵-Daxiver, Izzet electromancer
Izzet Signet①The Izzet signet is redesigned often, each time becoming closer to a vanity portrait of Niv-Mizzet.
Jabari's Influence①"Common soldiers can't understand what a sidar knows: the enemy can be a resource."↵-Sidar Jabari
Jace's Archivist①"This is a sacred duty. Master Beleren's trust has bought an eternity of my loyalty."
Jace's Defeat①"I had hoped for more from you, Jace. But I expected as much."↵-Nicol Bolas
Jace's Erasure①"You should try to clear your mind of idle thoughts. And if you can't, I will."
Jace's Ingenuity①"Brute force can sometimes kick down a locked door, but knowledge is a skeleton key."
Jace's Phantasm①In the abstract memories of the Iquati, Jace found interesting ideas to improve upon.
Jace's Projection①"Pardon me if I seem distracted. Part of me is reconnoitering the Tenth District."
Jace's Ruse①"The Eternals can recognize faces. They just think I look like a blue minotaur."
Jace's Sanctum①"For all our lofty talk of keeping watch, we had no idea what we were getting into."↵-Jace Beleren
Jace's Scrutiny①"Just a collage of images: cryptoliths, the sea, a tangle of shipwrecks."
Jace's Sentinel①"We drove the Sun Empire out of the forest long ago, and we will not let them return."
Jace's Triumph①His triumph was not in outsmarting Bolas's plan, but in understanding why ultimate power is self-defeating.
Jace, Vryn's Prodigy①"People's thoughts just come to me. Sometimes I don't know if it's them or me thinking."
Jack of all Trades①What do I do?  Why, a little of this, a little of that
Jack-o'-Lantern①By the end of the festival, it was the only thing still grinning.
Jackal Familiar①"Let the gray-hairs keep their ravens and drakes. My familiar will be a reflection of me: bloodthirsty, with a predator's instinct."↵-Taivang, barbarian warlord
Jackal Pup①"Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war."↵-William Shakespeare, *Julius Caesar*
Jackal Pup①The first morning after acquiring her familiar, the wizard awoke with fleabites and mange.
Jackalope Herd①There's little more demeaning than getting your butt kicked by a bunch of bunnies.
Jackhammer①"Subtlety is overrated."↵-Mr. Orfeo, the Boulder
Jackknight①"My sword is at your service, as are my scissors, corkscrew, and bottle opener."
Jacob Hauken, Inspector①"Our world may be dark, but there's still plenty to see."
Jacques le Vert①Abandoning his sword to return to the lush forest of Pendelhaven, Jacques le Vert devoted his life to protecting the creatures of his homeland.
Jadar, Ghoulcaller of Nephalia①"Rise, my pretty thing. Why rot in the river when you can serve at my bidding?"
Jaddi Lifestrider①Nature's arms encircle all who are willing to draw close.
Jaddi Offshoot①On Murasa, even the trees grow trees.
Jade Avenger①"Froggy fighter at the gate.↵Draw your sword and meet your fate."↵-Traditional children's rhyme
Jade Avenger①Action: Show a frog samurai who is a master swordsman. Skilled and agile, he stands about four feet tall and wields a daisho (see ref).
Jade Bearer①"Sisora wore this, who defeated the tyrant of Azcanta, and before her Natena of Vuhana's band. May it bring you their strength."
Jade Guardian①The River Heralds believe that jade gives weight to their magic.
Jade Idol①Before the Kami War, the shishi were symbolic guardians, protecting the shrines where they stood. But after the kami turned on the material world, shishi began pouncing from their perches to attack would-be supplicants.
Jade Leech①"It took magic to extract one of the stones and five people to carry it."↵-Tolarian research notes
Jade Mage①"We are one with the wild things. Life blooms from our fingertips and nature responds to our summons."↵-Jade creed
Jade Statue①"Some of the other guys dared me to touch it, but I knew it weren't no ordinary hunk o' rock." -Norin the Wary
Jade Statue①"Some of the other guys dared me to touch it, but I knew it weren't no ordinary hunk o' rock."↵-Norin the Wary
Jade Statue①"The paradox of jade statues is that their victims never really expect attack, but they are never completely surprised either."↵-Kabel, Tolarian archivist
Jadecraft Artisan①"A blade is not fully forged until it is given."
Jaded Response①"Calm down everyone; it's nothing we haven't seen before."↵-Sisay
Jaded Sell-Sword①"Today? That'll cost you extra."
Jagged Lightning①The pungent smell of roasting flesh made both mages realize they'd rather break for dinner than fight.
Jagged Poppet①Few puppets are so willing.
Jagwasp Swarm①"You know how to tell a sapling explorer from an old hardhead? See which one mistakes a swarm of jagwasps for the setting sun."↵-Chadir the Navigator
Jaheira, Friend of the Forest①"The Harpers' movement grows, but it needs sunlight to blossom. We can be that light."
Jailbreak①Obscura spies rarely stay locked up long enough to make it to trial.
Jalira, Master Polymorphist①"You can become anything if I just put my mind to it."
Jalum Tome①"These glyphs describe a Thran device capable of controlling a machine army, but the dimensions make no sense. It's nearly the size of the Null Moon."↵-Urza, diary
Jalum Tome①Most books simply deliver knowledge. This one expects some in return.
Jalum Tome①This timeworn relic was responsible for many of Urza's victories, though he never fully comprehended its mystic runes.
Jalum Tome①This timeworn relic was responsible for many of Urza's victories, though he never fully comprehended its mystical runes.
Jamuraan Lion①The lion blinked↵-Femeref expression meaning "situation avoided"
Jandor's Saddlebags①Each day of their journey, Jandor opened the saddlebags and found them full of mutton, quinces, cheese, date rolls, wine, and all manner of delicious and satisfying foods.
Jandor's Saddlebags①Your heart's desire is found within.↵-Saddlebag inscription
Jangling Automaton①"We always look upon our first creations as masterpieces, no matter how awful they are."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Janjeet Sentry①Janjeet Observatory is open to the public, but access to the adjoining laboratories is restricted.
Jarad's Orders①"The Izzet are searching for something. Discern what or die trying."
Jared Carthalion, True Heir①"I'm here for what's mine."
Jareth, Leonine Titan①Light's champion in the stronghold of darkness.
Jasmine Boreal of the Seven①"I've had my adventures. All I wish now is to sit in peace and speak with the pines."
Jasmine Boreal①"Peace must prevail, even if the wicked must die."
Jaspera Sentinel①The arrows of the elvish elite strike as true and deadly as the fangs of the Cosmos Serpent they revere.
Jawbone Skulkin①"Ah, skull of shrew-a very potent substance. In powdered form, it gives thrice the zing of noggle hoof pulp."↵-Boghald, Barrenton medic
Jaws of Stone①When giants find their mountain homes infested, they have a whole range of solutions.
Jaya's Firenado①"For all their supposed advances, the Phyrexians still aren't fireproof."↵-Jaya Ballard
Jaya's Greeting①"We have visitors? Well, it'd be rude not to give them a traditional Keral Keep welcome."
Jaya's Immolating Inferno①Centuries ago, a pyromancer's spark ignited a fiery conflagration.
Jaya's Immolating Inferno①The mirror's shards sparkled like starfire, and a legend was reborn.
Jayemdae Tome①"Knowledge is power."↵-Sir Francis Bacon, *Meditationes Sacrae*
Jayemdae Tome①"Knowledge is power."↵-Sir Francis Bacon,↵*Meditationes Sacrae*
Jayemdae Tome①A true scribe devotes an entire lifetime to the creation of a single volume, a masterpiece as unique as its maker.
Jazal Goldmane①"As my kha, he is the source of my inspiration. As my brother, he is the embodiment of my aspirations."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Jedit Ojanen of Efrava①The cat warriors recognized this Jedit's face, but not his fierce loyalty to Efrava.
Jedit Ojanen①Mightiest of the Cat Warriors, Jedit Ojanen forsook the forests of his tribe and took service with the Robaran Mercenaries, rising through their ranks to lead them in the battle for Efrava.
Jedit Ojanen①Mightiest of the cat warriors, Jedit Ojanen forsook the forests of his tribe and took service with the Robaran Mercenaries, rising through their ranks to lead them in the battle for Efrava.
Jedit's Dragoons①After Efrava was destroyed, the cat warriors scattered across Dominaria. Those who followed Jedit's example were strong enough to survive the ravages of apocalypse.
Jeering Homunculus①Mklthd had always hated crowds . . . and they had always hated him.
Jelenn Sphinx①Few among the Azorius have ever spoken with the sphinxes, but all have felt their influence.
Jenara, Asura of War①Wounded soldiers looked up, grateful for her appearance. But she passed over them, her eyes firmly on their foe.
Jenson Carthalion, Druid Exile①He was born with the crescent-moon Mark of the Elder Druid, tying his fate to the druids of the Juniper Order.
Jermane, Pride of the Circus①"Don't worry about me, folks! This beauty was well-fed by my predecessor."
Jerrard of the Closed Fist①Once, the order of the Closed Fist reached throughout the Kb'Briann Highlands. Now, Jerrard alone remains to uphold their standard.
Jeska's Will①"Gather your strength. Prepare yourself."↵-Jeska, to Radha
Jeska, Warrior Adept①"My brother and I both come from Balthor's forge. Kamahl has a temper of fire. I have a temper of steel."
Jeskai Banner①Discipline to persevere, insight to discover.
Jeskai Sage①"The one who conquers the mind is greater than the one who conquers the world."
Jeskai Student①Discipline is the first pillar of the Jeskai Way. Each member of the clan trains in a weapon, perfecting its use over a lifetime.
Jeskai Windscout①They range from Sage-Eye Stronghold to the farthest reaches of Tarkir.
Jester's Cap①"Know your foes' strengths as well as their weaknesses."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Jester's Cap①"Know your foes' strengths as well as their weaknesses."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Jester's Cap①"They say the last owner cut out his own tongue, laughing the whole time. Superstitious drivel, but amusing, isn't it?"↵-Hilde the Collector, last known words
Jester's Cap①The crowd laughed heartily at the fool's performance, until his hat laughed back.
Jester's Sombrero①"¡Yo quiero Kormus Bell!"
Jetmir's Fixer①When you lose Jetmir's trust, his family makes sure you lose everything else.
Jetmir's Garden①The parklike Cabaretti grounds offer rest, food, and the perfect place to shake off a tail.
Jetpack Janitor①"'Carol, blast those aliens.' 'Carol, transport these concessions.' No one cares that today is my birthday."
Jetting Glasskite①The bolt struck with a flash and there was a terrible sound, as of glass shattering, but the creature was unharmed.
Jetting Glasskite①The bolt struck with a flash, and there was a terrible sound, as of glass shattering, but the creature was unharmed.
Jewel Thief①"They can afford the loss. They build it into their prices."
Jewel-Eyed Cobra①"Sure, they're worth a lot, but I'd rather survive to spend my earnings."↵-Mokgar, Kalonian hunter
Jeweled Lotus①"I've seen my share of baubles, minister. Whatever ostentatious bit of glitter you have there won't convince me to ... Oh my."↵-Emperor Ayrelion
Jeweled Spirit①As he knows all the world completely, the world refuses him harm.
Jhessian Balmgiver①"You have two choices: heed my advice now or need my healing later."
Jhessian Infiltrator①The Jhessian navy makes successful raids on Valeron's coastal towns thanks to their spies planted during peacetime.
Jhessian Lookout①She stands ready, always watchful, knowing that weeks of peace and serenity can be overturned by a single distant sail.
Jhessian Thief①"Where's the fun in an escape if it's not at least a little daring?"
Jhoira's Familiar①"You could say it was my pet project."↵-Jhoira
Jhoira's Toolbox①It entertained Jhoira to craft a kit that could bring her the tools.
Jhoira, Weatherlight Captain①As she took the wheel of the *Weatherlight* for the first time in a millennium, Jhoira knew she'd been right to restore the ship. Anything was possible now.
Jhovall Queen①War-trained jhovalls eat twice their weight in war-trained soldiers daily.
Jhovall Rider①Don't be fooled by the riders' fluid grace-it takes years of practice to ride these beasts.
Jilt①"You're not my Hanna!"↵-Gerrard, to Yawgmoth
Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur①"It is not a goal, but a process-the process of creating the perfect Phyrexia."
Jinnie Fay, Jetmir's Second①She watches Jetmir's back while her companions watch hers.
Jinxed Idol①"Here."
Jinxed Idol①"Please, honored friend, take it with my compliments. I insist."
Jinx①"What wizards upset, the land soon rights."↵-Gemma, Willow Priestess
Jirina Kudro①"Strength is what keeps us alive. Compassion is what keeps us human."
Jodah's Codex①"If you remember nothing else of our world's history, remember this: Phyrexians can be defeated."↵-Jodah
Jodah, Archmage Eternal①"Chronicles across the ages describe Jodah. They likely refer not to one mage, but to a family or an arcane title."↵-Arkol, Argivian scholar
Johnny, Combo Player①"Just wait till I get my Krark-Clan Ironworks, Genesis Chamber, and Grinding Station. Oh yeah, and a second Myr Retriever."
Johtull Wurm①"To bring her down we must be on all sides at once-leave one avenue open and we'll all be dead."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Johtull Wurm①"To bring her down we must be on all sides at once-leave one avenue open and we'll all be dead."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Join Forces①"Okay-you take the sixteen ragers and the hulk on the right. I'll take the ten defilers and the plaguelord on the left. Ready?"↵-Danitha, to Radha
Join Shields①"We are the shield that never breaks, the bough that never burns, the song that can never be silenced."
Join the Dance①"We can go into the dark hand-in-hand or alone. I know which I prefer."
Join the Maestros①"We're family now, big guy."
Join the Ranks①Expeditionary houses are notorious for their rivalries. But when adventurers meet in the wilderness, the instinct for mutual survival outweighs petty grudges.
Joiner Adept①A talented apprentice makes all things. The master makes all things possible.
Joint Assault①"By my power, werewolves shall become the wolfir, our allies in combat against darkness."↵-Avacyn's Cursemute Decree
Joint Exploration①The Tolarians had the maps, but only the Yavimayans knew how to read them.
Jokulhaups①"I was shocked when I first saw the aftermath of the Yavimaya Valley disaster. The raging waters had swept away trees, bridges, and even houses. My healers had much work to do."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Jokulhaups①"I was shocked when I first saw the aftermath of the Yavimaya Valley disaster. The raging waters had swept away trees, bridges, and even houses. My healers had much work to do."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Jokulhaups①"The raging waters had swept away trees, bridges, and even houses. My healers had much work to do."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Jolrael's Centaur①"What need have I for cavalry when I can have horse and rider both in one?"↵-Jolrael
Jolrael's Favor①"War destroys; nature renews."↵-Jolrael, empress of beasts
Jolrael, Empress of Beasts①"I need no army. I have Jamuraa."
Jolrael, Mwonvuli Recluse①"Humans bring nothing but suffering and deceit. They are not welcome in my forest."
Jolt①"There's nothing like a sudden shock to clarify one's thoughts."↵-Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer①"As long as my hand holds a blade, there's hope for a pure Mirrodin once again."
Joraga Auxiliary①"Before the battle, I heard them take an oath near the ruins of Sea Gate. I hope they inspire others to keep watch."
Joraga Bard①Adventuring bards recite *Chanter's Epics*, never-ending tales that keep their comrades' minds alert to danger.
Joraga Invocation①"A single tree does not a forest make. We are stronger when we stand together."↵-Numa, Joraga chieftain
Joraga Visionary①"If you only follow where the paths lead, you merely go where others have gone before you."
Jori En, Ruin Diver①"Some relic hunters have given up exploring and gone to fight the Eldrazi. But I know our work is more important than ever. The secrets we uncover could lead to the world's salvation."
Jorn, God of Winter①"Wherever snow falls, I am home."
Journey for the Elixir①"As my hands touched it, I realized that I had not found it-it had been leading me here."
Journey to Eternity①Every journey has its inevitable end . . .
Journey to the Oracle①To find Jadzi, one need only wander.
Journeyer's Kite①"From the clouds, you can see as far as the distant horizon. It's a reminder of the infinite possibilities of everyday life."↵-Noboru, master kitemaker
Jousting Dummy①"Don't let it fool you. Many of us got our first scars from Syr Nobody."↵-Syr Layne, knight of Embereth
Joust①"Life is a tournament that rewards the bold."↵-Syr Layne, knight of Embereth
Joven's Tools①"If that thief Joven ever shows his head around here again, make sure he leaves without it."↵-Eron the Relentless
Joven①"Joven, you're almost as good a thief as I. But Eron hates you even more."↵-Chandler
Jovial Evil①"Today, for a lark, let's visit the plains. I'm sure we'll find something to entertain us."
Joyous Respite①"I have been gifted by the kami with long life. So far, they have not seen fit to withdraw their gift. There may yet be a way to stop the killing without more blood, human or kami, being spilled."↵-Dosan the Falling Leaf
Joyride Rigger①chitty-chitty-BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG!
Jubilant Mascot①The competition is but one aspect of the spectacle.
Jubilant Skybonder①She was born unable to walk. Through the *eludha*, she was able to fly.
Judge of Currents①Though the currents of the Lanes shift every year, the merrow never lose track of where they are or where they are going.
Judge's Familiar①"It misses nothing and it has no sense of humor."↵-Barvisa, courtroom scribe
Judith, the Scourge Diva①At the end of the show, she stands alone on a stage brilliant with blood.
Jugan, the Rising Star①The light of the rising star empowers the champions of tomorrow.
Juggernaut①"Urza's machines have a splendid habit of excavating themselves."↵-Rona, disciple of Gix
Juggernaut①Built with neither a way to steer nor a way to stop, the juggernauts were simply aimed at an enemy's best defenses and told to charge.
Juggernaut①Many a besieged city has surrendered upon hearing the distinctive rumble of the juggernaut.
Juggernaut①The goblins built it far larger than the cave opening, but to their glee, it smashed into the mountainside, ripping itself a new exit.
Juggernaut①The mighty city of An Karras, with its rich history, built over thousands of years, fell in three hours.
Juggernaut①We had taken refuge in a small cave, thinking the entrance was too narrow for it to follow. To our horror, its gigantic head smashed into the mountainside, ripping itself a new entrance.
Juggletron①It's all fun and games until it drops a guest. Then it's a misdemeanor.
Juju Bubble①"If my heart had a lid, I would lift it and show you my joy."↵-From Suq'Ata wedding ceremony
Jukai Messenger①Dosan's monks, deep in spiritual thought, could walk through the thickest of forests without leaving a mark, even the leaves beneath their feet unaffected by their passing.
Jukai Naturalist①He had heard rumors of the cities-the constant noise, the stagnant air, the tainted water-and he had no wish to learn if they were true.
Jukai Preserver①"The kami grant you this boon, not I."
Jukai Trainee①"The Order of Jukai accepts only the strongest of body and spirit. I will train until I meet their expectations."
Jump①"Humanity has always envied the power of flight. So we took it."↵-Scytha, aeromage
Jund Battlemage①"Of your blood I will make my mead, an offering to the thirsty jungle."
Jund Charm①Jund pulses with raw energy, waiting for shamans to shape it into useful form.
Jund Hackblade①The knights were halfway through their precombat rites before they realized the foul brute meant to start without them.
Jund Panorama①The sky is the dragon's throne, the seat from which it issues its fiery decrees.
Jungle Barrier①A massive pull of mana caused all of Dominaria to pause -Multani had transplanted Yavimaya to Urborg's edge.
Jungle Barrier①A massive pull of mana caused all of Dominaria to pause-Multani had transplanted Yavimaya to Urborg's edge.
Jungle Barrier①Within silent clearings guarded by living palisades, the natural world guards its most precious secrets.
Jungle Creeper①"You cannot kill it, not for long. It ripens where the ground is soaked with the blood of the slaughtered."↵-Atiuru, priest of the Verdant Sun
Jungle Delver①"There is no power too great to be used in the defense of our ancestral lands."
Jungle Lion①The lion's only loyalty is to its hunger.
Jungle Shrine①On Naya, ambition and treachery are scarce, hunted nearly to extinction by the awe owed to terrestrial gods.
Jungle Shrine①The people of the Sun Empire worship the sun in three aspects: the creative sun, the sustaining sun, and the destructive sun.
Jungle Troll①"You eat plants; I eat plants. You eat beasts; I eat you."↵-Drulvurg, troll king
Jungle Wayfinder①She is adept at navigating the stadium's ever-changing landscape.
Jungle Weaver①Weavers' webs wall off swaths of territory more effectively than any portcullis made of iron.
Jungle Wurm①Broad as a baobab-and about as smart.
Jungleborn Pioneer①"We fought so long to hide this place. Let us be first to learn its wonders!"
Juniper Order Advocate①"In these troubled times, we alone carry the hope of reconciliation between Elf and Human."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Juniper Order Advocate①"In these troubled times, we alone carry the hope of reconciliation between Elf and Human."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order advocate
Juniper Order Druid①"The filthy towns of Kjeldor are no place for anyone to live. Fyndhorn is our home now."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Juniper Order Ranger①To protect the alliance between Kjeldor and Yavimaya, they trained in the ways of both.
Juniper Order Rootweaver①"What Phyrexia takes, the grace of Freyalise shall replenish."
Junk Diver①Garbage in, treasure out.
Junktroller①"Hey, wait! That's my boot!"↵-Darijo, Ivy Street ruffian
Junktroller①One man's trash is another man's troller.
Juntu Stakes①"Those who can't survive are of no consequence."↵-Tsabo Tavoc
Juri, Master of the Revue①"What a show! We're going to make a killing tonight."
Just Desserts①"It's time to put the 'die' in 'diameter!'"↵-Flaky the Irrational
Just the Wind①"There's nothing to worry about."
Justice Strike①"Those who show no mercy to the weak deserve no mercy from the strong."↵-Firemane Kavrova
Justiciar's Portal①With the new guildmaster's innovations, arresters can arrive on the scene moments before a crime is committed.
Juvenile Gloomwidow①Gloomwidow venom is particularly virulent during the spider's first years, when it does most of its hunting near the forest floor.
Juzam Djinn①"Expect my visit when the darkness comes. The night I think is best for hiding all." -Ouallada
Juzam Djinn①"Expect my visit when the darkness comes. The night I think is best for hiding all."↵-Ouallada
Jwar Isle Avenger①Though solitary by nature, the sphinxes did not hesitate to join in the fight against the Eldrazi.
Jwari Disruption①"You worry too much."↵-Nys Dal, Sea Gate trapfinder
Jwari Ruins①"The Ondu Skyclave was a center for rebellion against the capital in Makindi. Of course they built in deadly traps."↵-Nys Dal, Sea Gate trapfinder
Jwari Scuttler①"Yeah, they've got a lot of meat. The only downside to eating 'em is that you often find human bones and body parts inside."↵-Jaby, Silundi Sea nomad
Jwari Shapeshifter①"The best expedition would be an entire team of me."
Kaalia of the Vast①"I'll have my revenge if I have to call on every force from above and below."
Kabira Outrider①Ondu moas make wildly uncomfortable mounts, but for determined warriors, their speed is enough to make up for it.
Kabira Plateau①"Wise adventurers-and clever beasties-stick to the higher ground."↵-Kreq of Sunder Bay
Kabira Takedown①"Down below's where things go to die."↵-Kreq of Sunder Bay
Kabuto Moth①"Many great warriors died in the first days of the war, as the spirits of their weaponry turned against them with terrifying rage."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Kadena, Slinking Sorcerer①"The only constant in life is the unknown."
Kaervek the Merciless①"Rats and jackals feast in his swath, but even they will not walk with him."↵-Mangara
Kaervek's Hex①"If the curse does not strike you dead, question your soul."↵-Kaervek
Kaervek's Spite①"The end justifies the means. What do I care if I rule over the dead rather than over the living? The dead ask fewer questions."↵-Kaervek
Kaervek's Torch①The pulsing heat of the midday Sun burns in the Lion's eye.↵-Stone inscription, source unknown
Kaervek, the Spiteful①"Defy me and I will burn the flesh from your bones. Betray me and I will steal the breath from your lungs."
Kagemaro's Clutch①The mist was thick, cloying, and constricting. Shiro fought his way to fresh air only to look back and see his comrades fallen on the battlefield behind him.
Kaijin of the Vanishing Touch①When it's finished, all that's left of you is a ripple on a still pond.
Kaito's Pursuit①Kaito knew every rooftop in the city, and closed in quickly on his quarry-but he knew nothing of the Planar Bridge until it was already too late.
Kalamax, the Stormsire①Its mood changes with the weather, and vice versa.
Kalastria Healer①"Time and again, I have demonstrated my skills as a healer. Why, then, are you so ill at ease?"
Kalastria Highborn①Each of Malakir's great families boasts a contingent of nulls appropriate to its rank in society.
Kalastria Nightwatch①"Kalitas may have returned to mindless servitude beneath the Eldrazi, but we say never again."↵-Drana, Kalastria bloodchief
Kaldring, the Rimestaff①As the sagas tell it, Jorn collects a sliver of ice from every realm he visits.
Kaleidostone①Once broken, who knows what worlds might grow from its shards?
Kalonian Behemoth①"Do not fire upon it-it is bad luck. And a waste of arrows."↵-Alera Benath, Kalonian ranger
Kalonian Hydra①Even baloths fear its feeding time.
Kalonian Tusker①"And all this time I thought *we* were tracking *it*."↵-Juruk, Kalonian tracker
Kamahl's Druidic Vow①Centuries ago, a barbarian laid his rage to rest.
Kamahl's Summons①As Krosa unleashed the peace in Kamahl, he unleashed the fury in Krosa.
Kamahl, Fist of Krosa①"My mind has changed. My strength has not."
Kamahl, Pit Fighter①"I didn't come to play. I came to win."
Kamahl, Pit Fighter①In times when freedom seems lost, great souls arise to reclaim it.
Kambal, Consul of Allocation①He has "friends" in places both high and low, and all seem to owe him favors.
Kami of Ancient Law①"Duty and law are the foundation on which civilization stands. They must not fall, for when they do, they take everything with them."↵-Lord Konda
Kami of False Hope①"Across the rift of battle, a bridge of gossamer. And for one moment, it holds."↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Kami of Fire's Roar①"I can hear the shamans chanting in the hills. They say their magic will protect us from the kami, that our gold has bought our safety. But no one sleeps soundly tonight."↵-Scroll fragment from the ruins of Reito
Kami of Industry①It takes many arms to arm an army.
Kami of Old Stone①"There was a wall here. Now it is dust. A tower rose here. Now it is fallen. An army fought here. Now it is dead. A spirit was here. It is all that remains."↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Kami of Tattered Shoji①It remembered all the shadows lantern-cast upon its paper wings, and sometimes those silhouettes played across its shape again, acting out silent tragedies.
Kami of Terrible Secrets①It feeds on things better left unknown, savoring the bitterness of lies and regrets.
Kami of Twisted Reflection①Its form reflected humanity as it stood during the Kami War: disjointed, confused, and incomplete.
Kami of the Crescent Moon①"He's a lot like me, that masterless little kami . . . unimpressed by grandeur and never at a loss for a trick."↵-Toshiro Umezawa
Kami of the Crescent Moon①"He's a lot like me, that masterless little kami... unimpressed by grandeur and never at a loss for a trick."↵-Toshiro Umezawa
Kami of the Hunt①"Don't worry, Jiro. The kami would never attack us this close to home . . . . Jiro?"↵-Hoto, temple guardian, last words
Kami of the Painted Road①In ancient times, precepts of kami law were inscribed onto bridges as a gesture of respect. During the war, humans regarded them as warnings of where not to travel.
Kami of the Waning Moon①"For a moment, Reito's defenders regrouped. Then wailing kami reappeared to send them scattering like flocks of frightened birds."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Kami's Flare①"The flames are a gift from my companion. They won't hurt me. You, on the other hand..."
Kangee, Sky Warden①"Let their horrors and machines come. We will meet them blow for blow."
Kapsho Kitefins①"It's a truly disconcerting sight to see their shadows cast upon the deck."↵-Captain Triff
Karador, Ghost Chieftain①"Death tried to uncrown me. But now I return, king of a greater realm."
Karakas①"To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,/ One clover, and a bee,/ And revery." -Emily Dickinson
Karakas①"To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,/ One clover, and a bee,/ And revery."↵-Emily Dickinson
Karakas①2020 Legacy Champion
Karametra's Acolyte①"The wilds are a garden tended by divine hands."
Karametra's Favor①The harvest god's cornucopia contains the fruits of the fields, the forest, and beyond.
Karfell Harbinger①"This is a realm of the living. King Narfi's legion is coming to change that."
Karfell Kennel-Master①Trapped in a realm of dead flesh and scarce hunting, the ravenous wolves of Karfell follow the Dread Marn to warm game.
Kargan Dragonrider①"Only those who give the dragons the respect they deserve may bear our title."
Kargan Warleader①From rebellion against the Akoum Skyclave to fighting the Eldrazi titans, the dragon-riding Kargan tribes have never missed an opportunity to defy the odds.
Kari Zev's Expertise①"I was made for this!"
Kari Zev, Skyship Raider①Aboard her ship, the *Dragon's Smile*, Kari follows no one's rules but her own.
Karlov of the Ghost Council①"Does Teysa think me blind to her scheming? Ambition runs in our family."
Karlov of the Ghost Council①"Those who say money can't buy happiness clearly don't have enough."
Karmic Guide①Just one moment more
Karn's Bastion①"I can't protect everyone here. But those I can, I will."↵-Karn
Karn's Temporal Sundering①Centuries ago, a quest to harness time became a spiral into chaos.
Karn①Both part of the Legacy and an individual in his own right, the silver golem Karn is haunted by a single, terrible incident: while serving to protect the young Gerrard, Karn accidentally took the life of another. Wakened from years spent as a statue, the golem has vowed to never kill again as he rejoins Gerrard.
Karok Wrangler①"She showed up to class on a what?"↵-Valentin, Witherbloom Dean
Karoo Meerkat①"Be like the meerkat, my daughters: ever vigilant, true to your own, and wary of strangers."↵-Nabil Alamat, Suq'Ata merchant
Karplusan Forest①Between jagged, snowcapped peaks, the dense bands of hardy evergreens provide the perfect cover for roving bands of orc and goblin raiders.
Karplusan Giant①"They aren't the brightest or the quickest of Giants. For that matter, the same holds true if you compare them to rocks."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Karplusan Giant①"They aren't the brightest or the quickest of giants. For that matter, the same holds true if you compare them to rocks."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Karplusan Hound①"Don't worry, they don't bite. They much prefer setting people on fire."↵-Jaya Ballard, to Chandra
Karplusan Strider①The strider's long, loping gait is an adaptation that allows it to move quickly in deep snow.
Karplusan Wolverine①"They're not easily trained. Fortunately, they already know how to kill."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Karplusan Yeti①"What's that smell?"↵-Perena Deepcutter, Dwarven Armorer
Kaseto, Orochi Archmage①"Our revered ancestor Seshiro gave us wisdom greater than poison and fangs."
Kashi-Tribe Warriors①The orochi and the monks had always had an unspoken agreement: live and let live. But when the kami began raging, some warrior youths began questioning that agreement.
Kasimir the Lone Wolf①Popular indeed is the tale of how Kasimir was once a Holy man who renounced his order to take up the sword. But this tale is no more likely than any other.
Kasmina's Transmutation①"Hop away now, little Eternal. Go eat some flies."↵-Kasmina
Katabatic Winds①Wind will win, whatever we wish.
Kataki, War's Wage①"Before the war, we prayed to Kataki to sharpen our swords and harden our armor. Without his blessing our weapons are all but useless against the kami hordes."↵-Kenzo the Hardhearted
Katilda, Dawnhart Prime①"The angels may have abandoned us, but Ghrin-Danu has not."
Kavu Chameleon①"They weren't part of my plan, but Gaea insisted."↵-Urza
Kavu Climber①"There was a crack of branches, a rustle of leaves, then a tremendous roar. Our party had no chance as death descended from above."↵-Taseen, elvish bard
Kavu Climber①The appearance of the first kavu surprised Multani. As they continued to emerge, he no longer had any doubts about Yavimaya's ability to defend herself.
Kavu Climber①The kavu might be above you↵-Llanowar expression meaning "keep an open mind"
Kavu Lair①As a dark rain of Phyrexians fell from the sky, fountains of kavu erupted from the ground.
Kavu Mauler①To the kavu, all Phyrexians are merely crunchy snacks.
Kavu Monarch①Kavu emerged all across Dominaria, but the first and the strongest came from Yavimaya.
Kavu Predator①In a withered world, the scent of healthy prey is enough to drive a predator to frenzy.
Kavu Recluse①Few ever see this particular breed of kavu, which hides in forests of its own making.
Kavu Scout①The kavu evolved for centuries deep inside Dominaria, and some can draw from its strength.
Kaya's Ghostform①The Eternals found some sparks to be quite slippery.
Kaya's Onslaught①"Your trail ends here."
Kaya's Wrath①Teysa convened the meeting of the Obzedat. Kaya ended it.
Kaysa①Kaysa speaks as the Elder Druid, but the Yavimaya recognizes only one voice: its own.
Kaysa①Kaysa speaks as the elder druid, but Yavimaya recognizes only one voice: its own.
Kaza, Roil Chaser①"What sort of life is that, huddling in the familiar and safe? No thanks. Put me right in the center of the action."
Kazandu Blademaster①"If you hire a sell-sword, you'd better watch your back. Hire me, and I'll watch it for you."
Kazandu Mammoth①"It doesn't obey me. It cooperates with me."↵-Triel, Kazandu tuskcaller
Kazandu Nectarpot①"The scythe-like forelegs are crucial for its survival, because it tastes really good and every inhabitant of Murasa knows it."↵-Arhana, Kazandu trapfinder
Kazandu Stomper①Elves revere cycles of renewal, but they prefer cycles that don't involve their homes getting smashed.
Kazandu Valley①"The elves stick to the trees. Here, where the trees welcome the sky and leave room for grazing herds-this is our land."↵-Triel, Kazandu tuskcaller
Kazuul Warlord①On expeditions, minotaurs are worth their weight in gold. Fortunately for their paymasters, most minotaurs don't know how much they weigh.
Kazuul's Cliffs①"The path up the cliffs is nothing but steep switchbacks and rickety lifts, made by elves, maintained by humans, and guarded by ogres. But it's the best way into the heart of Murasa."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Kazuul's Fury①"The toll is steep, but the cliffs are steeper."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Kazuul's Toll Collector①Travelers are advised to bring extra swords, preferably shiny ones.
Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs①Warning to those who scale the cliffs without paying tribute: It's a long way down.
Kederekt Creeper①Bloated with venom, it crawls Grixis looking for victims to ooze onto.
Kederekt Parasite①When the smell of passing thoughts piques its hunger, its maw becomes primed with acid and a taste for brains.
Kediss, Emberclaw Familiar①Kediss loves molten metal, searing flames, and head scratches.
Keen Glidemaster①"Fear is a rational response, but waiting won't make it any easier. Just jump!"
Keen Sense①Crovax sensed that Mirri wasn't ready for the curse taking hold of her. Weeping in his heart, he fled.
Keen-Eared Sentry①"You're not the first to underestimate me."
Keen-Eyed Archers①"If it has wings, shoot it. If it doesn't, shoot it anyway."
Keeneye Aven①"I have no need of a map. The continent itself guides my way."
Keeneye Aven①"I have no need of a map. The very continent itself guides my way."
Keening Apparition①Some souls are too damaged to be of use to the Orzhov.
Keening Banshee①Her cold wail echoes in the alleys and under-eaves, finding the unfortunate and turning their blood to ice.
Keening Stone①As it spins, dead voices shriek in an ever-increasing cacophony, rending the mind asunder.
Keensight Mentor①Through the *eludha*, bonders share the powerful abilities of their chosen companions.
Keep Safe①"Coppercoats think they understand duty and loyalty, but they can't begin to fathom the depths of my bond."
Keep Watch①"I see their moral dilemmas. I see their raw courage. I see their self-sacrifice. I see our victory."
Keeper of Fables①"Only the lion knows more stories than I do."↵-Chulane, Teller of Tales
Keeper of Keys①For the right price, he'll unlock your path to the throne.
Keeper of Kookus①Wanted: Thick-skinned goblin for guarding mean ol' Kookus. Must like fires. Must heal quickly.
Keeper of Progenitus①He watches over the valley where Progenitus sleeps, culling signs from its steaming breaths.
Keeper of Secrets①To look upon one is to surrender every last shred of self-will.
Keeper of the Lens①"It sees all, but it reveals what it sees only to a chosen few."↵-Taigam, Ojutai master
Keeper of the Nine Gales①"You cannot fight the storm."
Keeper of the Sacred Word①This is not a subliminal message.
Keepers of the Faith①And then the Archangel Anthius spoke to them, saying, "Fear shall be vanquished by the Sword of Faith."
Kefnet's Last Word①In his final moments, Kefnet reached into the minds of those around him, desperate for logic within the consuming chaos.
Kefnet's Monument①"The worthy shall cultivate a nimble mind to perceive the glorious wonders that await them."↵-Monument inscription
Keiga, the Tide Star①The pull of the tide star holds eternal sway.
Keldon Arsonist①"Fields can be replanted. Settlements can be rebuilt. Burn it all."↵-Latulla, Keldon overseer
Keldon Berserker①They fight beyond thought, beyond fear, and beyond mercy.
Keldon Firebombers①"If there isn't enough of Jamuraa left to stand on, I will still claim it for Keld."↵-Latulla, Keldon overseer
Keldon Raider①Keldon raiders' spoils are limited to what their colos can carry. No matter the value, the rest goes up in smoke.
Keldon Vandals①Keldons divide all their spoils into two groups: trophies and catapult ammunition.
Keldon Warcaller①"The Mountain gave the Flame to Kradak to light the furnaces of his people's hearts. The wanderers became Keldons, and he the first warlord."↵-"The Flame of Keld"
Keldon Warlord①What if they threw a war, and *everybody* came?
Keleth, Sunmane Familiar①She chooses her riders carefully and bears them to glory in battle after battle.
Kelinore Bat①The nesting bats of Kelinore sleep soundly while the sun passes, nestled among their grisly collections.
Kelpie Guide①Kelpies are drawn to paradoxes, making them ideal companions for Quandrix mages.
Kelsien, the Plague①"Aim for an eye. Better they never see you."
Kelsinko Ranger①"Rangers not trained by the Elves just aren't the same."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Kemba's Legion①The squabble over succession was quickly replaced by the struggle to survive.
Kemba's Skyguard①"We're now to dispense aid to any Mirran we see battling anything . . . 'strange.' Regent's orders."↵-Ranya, skyhunter captain
Kemba, Kha Regent①"I am not Raksha. I never will be. But I refuse to be the kha who watched her pride be torn asunder."
Kenku Artificer①Though her words may be unoriginal, her creations are anything but.
Kentaro, the Smiling Cat①"The bonds of bushido will draw the dishonored back someday, and I will be there waiting."
Keral Keep Disciples①"You're not setting foot in here. Not on our watch!"
Keskit, the Flesh Sculptor①"Perfection is elusive. Let us try again."
Kess, Dissident Mage①"Loss has no meaning here. You cannot take from those who have nothing."
Kessig Cagebreakers①"They put bars on these noble beasts and then wonder why werewolves target our towns."
Kessig Dire Swine①In the quiet of the Somberwald, new horrors stir.
Kessig Flamebreather①"Hunter's fire" was meant for slaying monsters in the Ulvenwald, but that never stopped Ralen from showing it off.
Kessig Malcontents①Discontent is a powerful weapon in the hands of a mob.
Kessig Naturalist①"Far from home, little one? I know the feeling."
Kessig Prowler①In the wake of Emrakul, some werewolves' human forms were lost forever.
Kessig Recluse①Its silk is highly prized, but then again, so is your life.
Kessig Wolf Run①When a werewolf changes for the first time, that first howl is said to echo through the wilds till moonset.
Kessig Wolfrider①"It's a perfect partnership. My village is safe from wolf attacks, and she gets to eat any vampires we catch."
Kessig Wolf①"Don't be afraid when you hear the wolves howl. Be afraid when you don't hear them at all."↵-Saint Trogen, the Slayer
Kethis, the Hidden Hand①"The pen is mightier than the crown."
Ketria Crystal①The dark of night never truly falls on Ketria, where abundant crystals bathe the land in their glow.
Ketria Triome①Nowhere on Ikoria are monsters more integral to the landscape than Ketria, where the river itself will stand up and roar.
Key to the City①It would be unfortunate if the key fell into the wrong hands.
Keymaster Rogue①"This one opens the grate outside Zelzo Base. This one is for Ismeri Library. This one is for an invisible door . . . No, I've said too much."
Khalni Ambush①"The difference between life and death in Ora Ondar is about three seconds of startled screaming."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Khalni Gem①A fragment of ancient power lost in the heart of Ora Ondar.
Khalni Hydra①"In ages past, bargains were struck and promises were made. Now we must collect on our debt. Begin the hymns."↵-Moruul, Khalni druid
Khalni Territory①"If you wander into the Khalni Garden without knowing the signs of a scythecat's territory, you're not going to live long enough to learn."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Kharis & The Beholder①#sponsored
Khenra Charioteer①"We do not swerve."↵-Tah-crop charioteer motto
Khenra Eternal①For many years, servant mummies toiled in the mines to extract lazotep. The emergence of the Eternals revealed the sacred substance's true purpose.
Khenra Scrapper①"There is no tomorrow, so hold nothing back."
Kher Keep①"They're still here?! The cockroach may have finally met its match."↵-Teferi
Kheru Bloodsucker①It stares through the empty, pain-twisted faces of those it has drained.
Kheru Dreadmaw①Its hunting instincts have long since rotted away. Its hunger, however, remains.
Kick in the Door①"We tried your way. Now we do it my way!"↵-Jym, barbarian of Baldur's Gate
Kiddie Coaster①"The calming motion of this grubling's ride reminds me of my world's beauty before this mobile astropark obliterated it."↵-Ambassador Blorpityblorpboop
Kiddie Coaster①"The coaster was so gentle, I was able to write my review while I was still on it."↵-*Salzon's Ride Review*
Kiddie Coaster①"The ride is clearly inspired by the Kolaghan clan's reign on Tarkir which makes the use of Ojutai's scale pattern on the seats very disappointing."↵-Vorthos, Steward of Myth
Kiddie Coaster①The only ride not explicitly mentioned in the Astrotorium waiver.
Kiddie Coaster①The only ride that's never failed a safety inspection.
Kiddie Coaster①There's something truly thrilling about moving so slowly.
Kiku's Shadow①"Me? No, I'm not going to kill you. I won't even lay a finger on you. I promise."↵-Kiku, Night's Flower
Kiku, Night's Flower①"A wanderer has told me of an assassin in the Takenuma Swamp who uses her dark arts to animate her enemies' shadows against them. A wild tale, but it explains much."↵-Diary of Azusa
Kill Shot①"In the assassination trade, no one lives to make more than one mistake."↵-Anhelo, the Painter
Kill Shot①Mardu archers are trained in Dakla, the way of the bow. They never miss their target, no matter how small, how fast, or how far away.
Kill Switch①Success is largely a matter of knowing which lever to pull.
Kill! Destroy!①Getting "Gotcha'ed" again and again.
Kill-Suit Cultist①Dressed to kill.
Killer Bees①The communal mind produces a savage strategy, yet no one could predict that this vicious crossbreed would unravel the secret of steel.
Killer Cosplay①"Ach! Hans, run! Get the camera. He's adorable!"↵-Steffi Bobsdotter, next words
Killer Instinct①"Take the bridge, men! Victory! Victory is ou- Retreat! RETREAT!"
Killer Whale①Hunger is like the sea: deep, endless, and unforgiving.
Killian, Ink Duelist①"When your father is Dean Embrose, second best really isn't an option."
Killing Glare①A casual glance into a dark corner may be your last.
Killing Wave①"I come looking for demons and I find a plane full of angels. I hate angels."↵-Liliana Vess
Kiln Fiend①It traps an explosion within its stony skin.
Kiln Walker①If it possesses an ability to understand and appreciate life, it has never shown it.
Kin-Tree Invocation①The passing years add new rings to the tree's trunk, bolstering the spirits that dwell within.
Kin-Tree Warden①"The amber of the tree and the blood of my veins are the same."
Kindercatch①In the forest villages of Kessig, parents feed their children wormwood and other bitter herbs, hoping to make them less palatable to things that roam the night.
Kindle the Carnage①"Start knockin' heads, boys, and don't stop 'til the ragamuffyn sings!"
Kindled Fury①"All beings carry the fire inside them. The challenge is to unleash it before they dwindle into oblivion."↵-Illulia, flamekin soulstoke
Kindled Fury①"It is most honorable to use every part of the animals we kill . . . especially if we use them to annihilate our enemies."↵-Surrak, the Hunt Caller
Kindled Fury①"Rage is a dangerous weapon. Your enemies will try to use your anger against you. Use it against them first."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Kindled Fury①The minotaur stared at the Eternal bearing down on him-the embodiment of deadly skill he had aspired to become.
Kindled Fury①The only thing better than hitting hard is hitting first.
Kindle①Hope of deliverance is scorched by the fire of futility.
Kindly Ancestor①"You look cold, dearie."
Kindly Cognician①"What's wrong, dear? Nothing a 44-to-22 bronze spur gear and reducer pairing couldn't fix, I bet."
Kindly Stranger①"I'm not afraid out here, for I know that a higher power protects me."
Kindred Charge①For goblins, quantity is quality.
Kindred Discovery①A family that welcomes birds of all feathers.
Kindred Discovery①Few things are truly "lost" at sea.
Kindred Dominance①In the end, the lights fade, the land withers, and only the dead and vile remain.
Kindslaver①"Just relax-I brought in a substitute."
King Cheetah①If you find yourself and a friend being chased by a King Cheetah, you have but one chance: Trip your friend.↵-Suq'Ata wisdom
King Cheetah①If you find yourself and a friend being chased by a king cheetah, you have but one chance: Trip your friend.↵-Suq'Ata wisdom
King Crab①"I'm allergic to shellfish-not only did it kill my entire village, it also gave me this nasty rash."↵-Olivia, fisher
King Harald's Revenge①"We will destroy the pretenders and reclaim the divinity of the Einir."
King Suleiman①"We made tempestuous winds obedient to Solomon . . . And many of the devils We also made obedient to him."↵-The Qur'an, 21:81
King of the Pride①"Glorious, to walk again across the savannah with my beloved."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
King's Assassin①Fear is as effective a weapon as the blade.
Kingfisher①It's tastiest when served with the fish it stole.
Kingpin's Pet①"Debt and death sound so similar, and thrulls are so hard of hearing. Mistakes are inevitable."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Kinjalli's Caller①The people of the Sun Empire worship the sun in three aspects. Kinjalli is the Wakening Sun, who created humans from clay and baked them in the sun's warmth.
Kinjalli's Sunwing①"There are moments when I feel I could fly like the sunwing. Far away I would soar, but always a golden gale pushes me back."↵-Huatli
Kinsbaile Balloonist①Even when a giant's tantrum turns the sky into a chaotic gale, the path of the balloonist never falters.
Kinsbaile Cavalier①Ambidexterity is common among kithkin. The thoughtweft links the minds of the left- and right-handed, giving each the knack of the other.
Kinsbaile Skirmisher①"If a boggart even dares breathe near one of my kin, I'll know. And I'll not be happy."
Kinscaer Harpoonist①The suspicious kithkin of Kinscaer patrol the skies, their eyes attuned to the shapes of outsiders.
Kiora's Dambreaker①"When your enemy flees, send the sea to pursue them."↵-Kiora
Kiora's Follower①"She may call herself Kiora but I believe she is Thassa, the embodiment of the sea and empress of the depths."
Kira, Great Glass-Spinner①Each spell is an intricate tapestry, and Kira is the great unraveler.
Kira, Great Glass-Spinner①The samurai struck the fragile-looking bubble, and her sword shattered into countless pieces.
Kird Ape①Apes can be gentle, contemplative beasts-but context is everything.
Kird Ape①It puts the "fur" in "fury."
Kismet①"Make people wait for what they want, and you have power over them. This is as true for merchants and militia as it is for cooks and couples."↵-Gwendlyn Di Corci
Kiss of Death①"I'd sooner lock lips with a viper. At least I might walk away from *that*."↵-Elvish scout
Kiss of the Amesha①Once a year, Akrasa holds a joust that draws knights and their leotaus from every nation on Bant. The prize is an Akrasan sigil, but the true reward is the angel's kiss.
Kitchen Finks①Accept one favor from an ouphe, and you're doomed to accept another.
Kitchen Imp①"Order up! Ooze aspic and jellied anurid eyes!"
Kitchen Imp①Action: Show an imp that's a kitchen helper for Asmor, the Underworld Cook.
Kite Shield①"To my sword I owe my glory, but to my shield I owe my life."↵-Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Kitesail Apprentice①Carving lines through the sky, kite sailors map trails for the pilgrims below to follow.
Kitesail Cleric①Too flashy to ignore. Too fast to catch.
Kitesail Corsair①"Why perch in the crow's nest when I can fly like the crows?"
Kitesail Scout①"The wind in one's hair, the sun on one's back, the joy of open skies . . . the next generation of kor must know this kind of peace."
Kitesail①Kitesailing is a way of life-and without practice, the end of it.
Kithkin Daggerdare①The kith dance their elaborate reels not merely to celebrate the events of their lives but to form an unbreakable bond of loyalty with their kin, a bond stronger than the fear of death itself.
Kithkin Greatheart①Sometimes a curious giant singles out a "little one" to follow for a few days, never realizing the effect it will have on the little one's life.
Kithkin Harbinger①Her ears are open to even the softest voice.
Kithkin Healer①The empathetic nature of the thoughtweft allows kithkin healers to treat the cause of an illness rather than fight its symptoms.
Kithkin Mourncaller①Eidren's hunts are dangerous affairs. All dread the inevitable recounting of those who died while flushing out his prey.
Kithkin Rabble①If even the slightest hint of panic enters the thoughtweft, bakers, potters, and even medics drop their spoons and salves to take up arms.
Kithkin Shielddare①The nova glyph is a potent symbol. A shield embossed with it can resist the force of even the most determined giant.
Kithkin Zealot①The more his flock fears, the more power he wields.
Kitsune Ace①"Oh, sorry-were we racing?"
Kitsune Blademaster①Those kitsune trained in the blade preferred to fight with a blade-catching jitte in the off hand, buying them just enough time to deliver the first deadly cut.
Kitsune Bonesetter①"He kept generations whole before the Kami War, and now he turns his century of wisdom to healing the latest casualties."↵-Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Kitsune Diviner①She who once led prayers honoring the kami adapted to use her influence to stay them.
Kitsune Loreweaver①"Know your history. The lessons of the past will shield you in times of doubt."
Kitsune Palliator①"Who am I to judge who is deserving and who is not? That is a question for lords, not healers."
Kitsune Riftwalker①The wake of his passage shoved aside the influence of the kami.
Kjeldoran Dead①"They shall drink sorrow's dregs. They shall kill those whom once they loved."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Kjeldoran Dead①"They shall kill those whom once they loved."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Kjeldoran Elite Guard①The winged helms of the Guard are put on for pageants-but taken off for war.
Kjeldoran Elite Guard①The winged helms of the guard are put on for pageants-but taken off for war.
Kjeldoran Escort①"The first caravan has passed safely through the Karplusan Mountains without incident, forging a trade route to Balduvia. Kjeld himself would never have believed it!"↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Kjeldoran Escort①"We willingly trade with Kjeldor, but the peace we build must come from both our lands."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Kjeldoran Frostbeast①"Two of my Warriors found that the creature was dangerous not only in combat, but also in simple proximity."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Kjeldoran Gargoyle①The gargoyles were taken from the walls of flooded Kjeldoran cities and brought upland to guard the outposts of New Argive.
Kjeldoran Knight①"Those who do not ride the wind on Aesthir still command loyalty and respect."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Kjeldoran Outrider①"I listen to people. He sniffs the wind. And we both sense something big coming. Something very big."
Kjeldoran Phalanx①"There's nothing I like better than watching a street full of soldiers kicking down the doors of the guilty and the impure."↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Kjeldoran Royal Guard①"Honorable in battle, generous in death."↵-Motto of the Kjeldoran Royal Guard
Kjeldoran Royal Guard①Honorable in battle, generous in death.↵-Motto of the Kjeldoran Royal Guard
Kjeldoran Royal Guard①Upon the frozen tundra stand the Kjeldoran Royal Guard, pikes raised, with the king's oath upon their lips.
Kjeldoran Skycaptain①"If we do our duty and uphold our honor, Kjeldor shall stand for a thousand years."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Kjeldoran Skycaptain①"If we do our duty and uphold our honor, Kjeldor shall stand for a thousand years."↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Kjeldoran Skycaptain①The heartlink between soldier and steed is hatched with the aesthir struggling from its shell.
Kjeldoran Skyknight①"My Aesthir is my most trusted ally. We fight as one and live as one, and we will die as one."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Kjeldoran War Cry①King Darien's breath crystallized and fell to the frozen battlefield, but its command carried true to all soldiers of New Argive.
Kjeldoran Warrior①"Give me a thousand such Warriors and I could change the world."↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Klothys's Design①The god of destiny grants her followers vision deeper than sight.
Knacksaw Clique①Most of the Knacksaw clique's skills were hewn from the minds of others.
Knight Errant①". . . Before honor is humility."↵-*The Bible*, Proverbs 15:33
Knight Errant①". . . [B]efore honor is humility."↵-*The Bible*, Proverbs 15:33
Knight Errant①Knights are quick to pledge their loyalty and even quicker to charge into battle.
Knight Exemplar①"If you think you are brave enough to walk the path of honor, follow me into the dragon's den."
Knight Exemplar①"We slew the last dragon ages ago. Now we fight the *real* monsters."
Knight Watch①"We lost respect after the battle for Barbu Rooftop. Send the troops to mingle respectfully with the citizens."↵-Commander Yaszen of Boros
Knight in _____ Armor①The lucky armor stopped lightning and lasers, but sadly, also love.
Knight of Dawn's Light①"Phyrexians destroyed my village, but they cannot break my hope."
Knight of Dawn①Flash like daybreak to the fray.↵-Motto of the Knights of Dawn
Knight of Dusk①"Challenge me with your strongest. I will paint my sword with their blood."
Knight of Dusk①Fall like night upon the foe.↵-Motto of the Knights of Dusk
Knight of Glory①"I will uphold the law, and no manner of foe will stop me."
Knight of Grace①A light to pierce the shadows.
Knight of Infamy①"Your laws, like your bones, were made to be broken."
Knight of Malice①A shadow to swallow the light.
Knight of Meadowgrain①"By tradition, we don't speak for two days after battle. If our deeds won't speak for themselves, what else could be said?"
Knight of New Alara①"I embrace all of Alara, Grixis as much as Bant. Let my former home call me traitor. I do this not for accolades, but because it is right."
Knight of New Benalia①The mage-smiths of New Benalia have perfected the art of blending fine steel and enchanted glass into weapons that are both beautiful and deadly. Only elite knights are entrusted with these martial works of art.
Knight of Obligation①He can calculate interest to six decimal places even in the midst of a deadly duel.
Knight of Sorrows①The helmet reveals no eyes to witness your penance, no mouth to offer absolution.
Knight of Stromgald①"Kjeldorans should rule supreme, and to the rest, death!"↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Knight of Stromgald①"Kjeldorans should rule supreme, and to the rest, death!"↵-Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Knight of the Hokey Pokey①That's what it's all about.
Knight of the Keep①"What good is loyalty to the crown if we are not also in service to those less fortunate? I fight for all of us."
Knight of the Kitchen Sink①"Whew. For a minute, I thought I'd forgotten the garlic press."
Knight of the Kitchen Sink①"Whew. For a minute, I thought I'd forgotten the gravy boat."
Knight of the Kitchen Sink①"Whew. For a minute, I thought I'd forgotten the juicer."
Knight of the Kitchen Sink①"Whew. For a minute, I thought I'd forgotten the melon baller."
Knight of the Kitchen Sink①"Whew. For a minute, I thought I'd forgotten the olive forks."
Knight of the Kitchen Sink①"Whew. For a minute, I thought I'd forgotten the tea cozy."
Knight of the Mists①Fear the mists, for they are armed.
Knight of the Pilgrim's Road①"To be a knight, Gideon, is to be the shield for the meek against the cruel."
Knight of the Reliquary①"Knowledge of Bant's landscape and ruins is a weapon that the invaders can't comprehend."↵-Elspeth
Knight of the Reliquary①"Knowledge of Bant's landscape and ruins is a weapon that the invaders can't comprehend."↵-Elspeth Tirel
Knight of the Skyward Eye①The Order of the Skyward Eye does the bidding of an evil force, unwittingly stirring fear and mistrust across Bant in accordance with his plans.
Knight of the Stampede①"My whisper becomes a thousand roars."
Knight of the Tusk①"Horse? Who needs a horse?"
Knight of the White Orchid①Both guide and guard on open plain.
Knight of the Widget①His armor is lightweight titanium alloy, but his will is iron.
Knight's Pledge①"As long as my faith persists, so shall I."
Knight-Captain of Eos①The strength of Bant's caste system is the unfailing loyalty of its meekest members.
Knighted Myr①"This one fights like a leonin!"↵-Jor Kadeen
Knighthood①"He has returned. He who brought the dark ones. He who poisoned our paradise. How shall we greet him? With swift and certain death!"↵-Radiant, archangel
Knighthood①Kings don't make knights. Actions do.
Knights of Thorn①"With a great cry, the Goblin host broke and ran as the first wave of Knights penetrated its ranks." -Tivadar of Thorn, *History of the Goblin Wars*
Knights of Thorn①"With a great cry, the goblin host broke and ran as the first wave of knights penetrated its ranks."↵-Tivadar of Thorn, History of the Goblin Wars
Knights of the Black Rose①"Hail to the true queen! Long may she reign!"
Knights' Charge①"By hoof, wing, or paw. For the realm!"↵-Syr Gwyn, Hero of Ashvale
Knockout Blow①"Subsequent efforts to deconstruct this facility will be punished with increasing severity."
Knollspine Dragon①It woke to find a vast world in need of a master.
Knollspine Invocation①Witches tempted by the power of flame gathered to study in the ruins of Spinerock Knoll.
Knotvine Mystic①The elves of Naya were the last to acknowledge the massive shift of mana in their world.
Knotvine Paladin①"He is part of a new breed of guardian, one who embraces the best of both his world and ours."↵-Mayael the Anima
Know Naught but Fire①"Cranial explosions for everyone. Still planning to outthink my dragons?"
Knowledge and Power①"Information is a powerful weapon."↵-Cymede, queen of Akros
Knucklebone Witch①Each bone honors its owner's best pranks.
Kobold Drill Sergeant①"Joining this army is easy, boy. Just survive your first battle."
Kobold Overlord①"One for all, all for one; we strike first, and then you're done!" -Oath of the Kobold Musketeers
Kobold Overlord①"One for all, all for one; we strike first, and then you're done!"↵-Oath of the Kobold Musketeers
Kobold Taskmaster①The Taskmaster knows that there is no cure for the common Kobold.
Kobold Taskmaster①The taskmaster knows that there is no cure for the common kobold.
Kobolds of Kher Keep①Kher Keep is unique among fortresses: impervious to aerial assault but defenseless from the ground.
Kodama of the North Tree①"The monks of the North Tree rarely saw their kodama until the Kami War, when it woke like a slumbering, angry bear."↵-"Poem of the Five Trees"
Kodama of the South Tree①"The monks of the South Tree had always reveled beneath their kodama's friendly gaze. During the Kami War, this gaze became fierce and full of hate."↵-"Poem of the Five Trees"
Kodama's Reach①"The land grows only where the kami will it."↵-Dosan the Falling Leaf
Kodama's Reach①"The soul of Jukai reaches far beyond the forest's edge."↵-Shigeki, Jukai visionary
Kodama's Reach①In the purrennial garden, the catnip blooms furever.
Kokusho, the Evening Star①The fall of the evening star never heralds a gentle dawn.
Kolaghan Aspirant①She answers the call of the Crave, the desire for battle sated only by bloodshed.
Kolaghan Monument①Kolaghan has no lasting home, but her disciples leave relics to mark her conquests.
Kolaghan Skirmisher①Kolaghan's army rushes from kill to kill, desperate to avoid the dragon's wrath.
Koll, the Forgemaster①Using tyrite from a fallen Cosmos monster, Koll forged a weapon to awe Halvar himself.
Koma's Faithful①"Great Serpent, hear my song! We wait, our faith unshaken, for your glorious return."
Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"①"Such a lord as this-all virtues' height- Had never been, nor ever was again."
Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"①"Such a lord as this-all virtues' height-Had never been, nor ever was again."
Kopala, Warden of Waves①"I know these waters better than you know yourselves."
Kor Blademaster①Every kor blade is imbued with the skill of a thousand generations.
Kor Bladewhirl①The high-pitched whirl of a hook is the only battle cry she needs.
Kor Cartographer①Kor have no concept of exploration. They return to homelands forgotten.
Kor Castigator①"He told us not to worry, and he walked into the cavern. The swirling mass of Eldrazi parted to admit him, then closed in his wake."↵-Akiri, kor line-slinger
Kor Celebrant①"The landbind ritual connects us to our sacred sites. More importantly, it binds us with every other kor who has visited here, through countless generations."
Kor Chant①Sacred rites repurposed to fight an ancient threat.
Kor Chant①The true treasure no thief can touch.
Kor Dirge①Every new evincar cements their power with a culling as the weak are purged anew from Rath.
Kor Dirge①Rath's new evincar eliminated the brutish moggs and took a new slave race, one more reminiscent of her own feline grace.
Kor Duelist①"Swords cannot reach far enough. Chains cannot strike hard enough. An eternal dilemma, but a simple one."
Kor Entanglers①"We came into this world together. We fight for this world together. We'll leave this world together."
Kor Firewalker①"A river of lava is just another river to cross."
Kor Haven①"Find shelter where none but the angels can reach you."↵-Kor saying
Kor Hookmaster①"For us, a rope represents the ties that bind the kor. For you, it's more literal."
Kor Line-Slinger①"I tried to tell her to stay behind, that this fight was too dangerous. I spent the next hour tied to the rafters."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Kor Outfitter①"We take only what we need to survive. Believe me, you will need this."
Kor Sanctifiers①"Why keep such trinkets? They only add weight to your travels."
Kor Scythemaster①The kor of Zendikar are known for quiet determination in the face of overwhelming odds.
Kor Sky Climber①"With rope, I can fly as far as the rope can reach. But with light, the sky is the limit."
Kor Skyfisher①"Sometimes I snare the unexpected, but I know its purpose will be revealed in time."
Kor Skyfisher①www.MagicTheGathering.com
Kor Spiritdancer①She reaches beyond the physical realm, touching the ideals from which all creatures draw their power.
Korlessa, Scale Singer①"Would you like a song of wing-wind and fire, or one of gentle heartbeats atop a golden hoard?"
Korozda Gorgon①"Welcome to my collection."
Korvold, Fae-Cursed King①Transformed at his own wedding, he promptly ate the banquet, the gifts, and the guests.
Koskun Keep①Treachery and anarchy make poor partners.
Koth's Courier①Koth sent partisans into the Tangle to bring survivors to the safe haven of the tunnels below Kuldotha.
Kothophed, Soul Hoarder①"I will be your most demanding master, Liliana. But I have great things in mind for you."
Kothophed, Soul Hoarder①Kothophed bestowed upon Liliana eternal youth, carved into her skin as intricate tattoos.
Kotori, Pilot Prodigy①"Some people test limits. I prefer to demolish them."
Kozilek's Channeler①"In the dark places of our world, something horrible is growing. I fear our foes may be more numerous than we had imagined."↵-Nissa Revane
Kozilek's Pathfinder①"We didn't know where it came from or where it was going. All we knew was that we did not matter."↵-Akiri, kor line-slinger
Kozilek's Predator①It's difficult to outwit something that doesn't speak, strategize, or even think.
Kozilek's Sentinel①It moves through the tunnels as slowly and surely as the shifting stones.
Kozilek's Shrieker①Listen to the sound of defeat.
Kozilek's Translator①From nothingness, sustenance.
Kozilek, the Great Distortion①A void as cryptic as reality itself.
Kragma Butcher①Minotaurs go into battle hungry. The first sight of their enemies' blood sends them into a flesh-eating rage.
Kragma Warcaller①A warcaller merely brings the herd together. After that, the meat-hunger is all the encouragement they need.
Kraken Hatchling①A spike and a maul are needed to crack their shells, but the taste is worth the effort.
Kraken of the Straits①Thassa felt no need to punish the sailors for their folly in crossing the straits. The kraken would do it for her.
Kraken's Eye①Bright as a mirror, dark as the sea.
Kraken's Eye①It's seen the wonders of entire worlds trapped in the depths of a bottomless ocean.
Krakilin①"A perfect reflection of its world: brutal, fetal, and lacking truth."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Krallenhorde Wantons①The boot prints became paw prints, and they led right back into town.
Kranioceros①"A surly beast, the kranioceros will raise its defenses at the smallest threat. Stay out of sight and downwind, or you'll disrupt its natural migrations."↵-Ebrel, godtoucher mentor
Krark's Other Thumb①Krark was the kind of goblin who'd lose his thumb in a wager and come right back with "Double or nothing!"
Krark's Thumb①"I can think of *one* goblin it ain't so lucky for."↵-Slobad, goblin tinkerer
Krark's Thumb①As a child, Slobad fashioned a music box out of the wayward digit. Its simple tune was his sole companion on many lonely nights.
Krark's Thumb①The thumb is said to bring its owner good luck up until the end of their life. That duration has yet to be specified.
Krark, the Thumbless①"Double or nothing."
Krark-Clan Engineers①"Well, I jammed the whatsit into the whackdoodle, but I think I broke the thingamajigger."
Krark-Clan Grunt①The more weapons a goblin breaks in battle, the more respected he becomes.
Krark-Clan Ironworks①All the junk, refuse, and offal of the Krark Clan is diligently collected, melted down, and made into more junk, refuse, and offal.
Krark-Clan Ogre①The Krark Clan believes it's caught an ogre. The ogre believes he's caught seven goblins.
Krark-Clan Shaman①"What do you mean, we're out of stuff to melt down? Give me your leg."
Krark-Clan Stoker①Fallen enemies are fed to the scavengers. Fallen friends are thrown into the Great Furnace, their souls returned to the Great Mother.
Kraul Foragers①Feed on food, you eventually rot. Feed on rot, you live forever.↵-Kraul saying
Kraul Raider①The kraul once skulked in the outskirts of Golgari society, but with Vraska's rise, they became valued forces of the Swarm.
Kraul Stinger①He listens to the sounds of battle filtering down from above, waiting for silence, waiting for his time to claim the streets.
Kraul Swarm①The hive has a long memory. It knows how every member ever died, and to whom it owes the grudge.
Kraul Warrior①The insectile kraul lurk in the tunnels below street level. Many are loyal to the Golgari Swarm, but others follow their own esoteric caste system.
Kraum, Ludevic's Opus①"It lives . . . IT LIVES!"↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Kraum, Ludevic's Opus①"It lives … IT LIVES!"↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Krazy Kow①"I got your milk right here!"
Krenko's Command①Goblins are eager to follow orders, especially when those orders involve stealing, hurting, annoying, eating, destroying, or swearing.
Krenko's Enforcer①He just likes to break legs. Collecting the debt is a bonus.
Krenko, Mob Boss①"He displays a perverse charisma fueled by avarice. Highly dangerous. Recommend civil sanctions."↵-Agmand Sarv, Azorius hussar
Krenko, Tin Street Kingpin①"After the people flee, but before the enemy arrives-that's grabbin' time."
Kresh the Bloodbraided①Each of his twenty-two braids is bound with bone and leather from a foe.
Kris Mage①Her blade draws blood without ever touching its target.
Kronch Wrangler①Looking over two city blocks of destruction, he could only cackle with pride.
Krond the Dawn-Clad①Krond, the personification of the dawn's light, lives to exact justice on his nemesis Vela.
Krosan Avenger①She'd have a fearsome reputation if she left any survivors.
Krosan Beast①The true Fist of Krosa is big and furry.
Krosan Beast①Those who see the squirrels go underground in the winter aren't ready for what emerges in the spring.
Krosan Colossus①When it walked, it altered geography. When it bellowed, it changed the weather.
Krosan Constrictor①"It's a slithering, coldblooded menace. I've gotta respect that."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Krosan Drover①"Sit."
Krosan Druid①"Druids endure disaster as seeds endure winter. Now Krosa blooms once more."
Krosan Grip①"Give up these unnatural weapons, these scrolls. Heart and mind and fist are enough."↵-Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Krosan Grip①"On a world where time was torn asunder, destruction ruled the minds of all."↵-*Multiversal Metahistories*
Krosan Grip①The Atlas Gauntlets did little to dissuade Vi of the notion that everything could be solved by punching.
Krosan Groundshaker①You know it's coming when you hear the distant thunder. You know where it's been when you see the path of broken trees.
Krosan Warchief①It turns prey into predator.
Krosan Wayfarer①"The Krosan Forest lives, and druids are its seeds."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Krovikan Elementalist①"The Elementalists' talents could be useful if turned to other purposes."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Krovikan Fetish①Some Krovikans find strength in the ears and eyes of their victims and wear such fetishes into battle.
Krovikan Mist①"It's as strong as you believe it is, and it's very convincing."↵-Jace Beleren
Krovikan Mist①Plague-induced dreams became real as they swirled above Krov, mingling with the magical residue of the World Spell.
Krovikan Scoundrel①The few surviving humans of Krov would have welcomed the return of winter and its sterilizing cold. They often peered northward, hoping that the snow's edge had reached their infested city-tomb.
Krovikan Sorcerer①"These Sorcerers always seem to have another surprise up their sleeves."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Krovikan Sorcerer①"These sorcerers always seem to have another surprise up their sleeves."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Kruin Outlaw①"Hold tight. I've got a surprise for them."
Kruin Striker①Unhappy with the creation of the wolfir, Rorica broke with her order and led a crusade against the "reformed werewolves."
Krumar Bond-Kin①"The Abzan replaced my savagery with a noble heritage. I would give my life for my House."
Kruphix's Insight①The horizon is tantalizing in both its uncertainty and its potential.
Kujar Seedsculptor①Every leaf, tree, and building in Kujar has been placed to achieve maximum harmony, in accordance with the elvish philosophy known as the Great Conduit.
Kukemssa Pirates①". . . pirates gambled with a djinn and lost the thing more dear than gold."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Kuldotha Forgemaster①The goblins say it used to be larger, before it began to stoke the Great Furnace with pieces of itself.
Kuldotha Rebirth①All goblin rituals serve a dual purpose as fertility rites, even the destructive ones. Especially the destructive ones.
Kuldotha Ringleader①Being surrounded by goblins is less objectionable when they're fighting *for* you.
Kulrath Knight①Mounted cinders circle the blasted peak at Kulrath, hunting the Extinguisher.
Kumano's Pupils①"Long before he reluctantly joined the war, stories spread of Kumano's followers winning victories against the kami."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Kumena's Speaker①"The same power that drives the river ever onward flows through the roots and branches-to me."
Kunoros, Hound of Athreos①Three sharp barks announce an attempt to escape the Underworld. Three sharp bites end it.
Kurgadon①When it walks through Krosa, trees step aside, leaves take wing, and the ground shudders.
Kurkesh, Onakke Ancient①The Onakke were masters of dark arts and artifice. Their creations continue to spread foul magic, paving the way for their return.
Kuro's Taken①Simple bargains are the most tempting, and oni bargains are the simplest of all: eternal life for eternal service.
Kwain, Itinerant Meddler①"Why so slow, why so slow? Hurry up! You never know what you'll find."
Kwende, Pride of Femeref①Descendant of a vanished land, student of a forgotten general, and master of blades no smith could forge anew. He honors them all by living a life worthy of song.
Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix①She bears the greatest burden of all: that of knowing.
Kykar, Wind's Fury①"The raging gale fans the flames of righteous wrath."
Kyler, Sigardian Emissary①"Even when the angels succumbed to madness, Sigarda stood strong. She is hope."
Kynaios and Tiro of Meletis①"Look what we fought for. Look what we built together."
Kyoki, Sanity's Eclipse①"Kyoki, Eater of Minds, Corrupter of Thoughts, Bringer of Madness, Lord of Fear. Return, by our blood, and walk again."↵-Ogre chant
Kyren Glider①Mercadia's Kyren goblins are the opposite of Dominarian goblins: they're smart and cowardly.
Kyren Negotiations①Kyren goblins always speak in questions and never allow wrong answers.
Kyren Sniper①Kyren goblins always act behind the scenes-even in battle.
Kytheon's Irregulars①Kytheon and his irregulars worked outside the law to bring justice to the streets of Akros.
Kytheon's Tactics①"Seal the gate. This is our fight now."
Laboratory Brute①It keeps intruders out and experiments in.
Laboratory Drudge①"Many hands make light work."↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Laboratory Maniac①His mind whirled with grand plans, never thinking of what might happen if he were to succeed.
Laboratory①There is no goal in mind; only progress for progress' sake
Labyrinth Champion①"It used to be a lair. Now it's just a tunnel."
Labyrinth Minotaur①"I doubt any Labyrinth Minotaurs still live-but then again, we Minotaurs are stubborn beings."↵-Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Labyrinth Minotaur①"I doubt any labyrinth minotaurs still live-but then again, we minotaurs are stubborn beings."↵-Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Labyrinth Minotaur①"I doubt any labyrinth minotaurs still live-but then we minotaurs are stubborn beings."↵-Onatah, Anaba shaman
Labyrinth Minotaur①"Legend says they got a treasure cave, but it don't say where to find it."↵-Zeki, Reef Pirate
Labyrinth of Skophos①For centuries, the minotaur polis of Skophos was unknown to humans. It remains unexplored.
Laccolith Grunt①They leave a trail of ash and sorrow.
Laccolith Titan①Proximity guarantees injury or death.
Laccolith Warrior①The screams are brief. The silence lingers.
Laccolith Whelp①They don't feed; they stoke.
Lace with Moonglove①"Which is more filled with poison: the flower of the moonglove or the minds of elves?"↵-Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Ladies' Knight①"I said 'Put him in a *core set*, not a corset!'"↵-Richard Garfield, Ph.D.
Lady Evangela①"When milady was young, the sight of a rainbow would fill her soul with peace. As she grew, she learned to share her rapture with others." -*Lady Gabriella*
Lady Evangela①"When milady was young, the sight of a rainbow would fill her soul with peace. As she grew, she learned to share her rapture with others."↵-Lady Gabriella
Lady Orca①"I do not remember what he said to her. I remember her fiery eyes, fixed upon him for an instant. I remember a flash, and the hot breath of sudden flames made me turn away. When I looked again, Angus was gone." -A Wayfarer, on meeting Lady Orca
Lady Orca①"I do not remember what he said to her. I remember her fiery eyes, fixed upon him for an instant. I remember a flash, and the hot breath of sudden flames made me turn away. When I looked again, Angus was gone."↵-A Wayfarer, on meeting Lady Orca
Lady Sun①Sister to Sun Quan and wife to Liu Bei, Lady Sun often felt her loyalty to both tested.
Lady Zhurong, Warrior Queen①"A man, and such a fool! I, a woman, will fight them for you."↵-Lady Zhurong to her husband Meng Huo, before leading an army against the Shu
Lagac Lizard①Tracing their ancestry back to Zendikar's earliest forms of life, lagac lizards have seen the comings and goings of planeswalkers and the Eldrazi, and the rise of the vampire clans, none of which has changed them one bit.
Lagonna-Band Elder①"The best lessons are not the ones I teach. They are the ones the pupils realize for themselves."
Lagonna-Band Storyteller①"Our stories are full of ancient wisdom; they tell us who we are."
Lagonna-Band Trailblazer①Go forth with honor, return with glory.
Laid to Rest①"We are not here to mourn their loss. We are here to celebrate their lives."↵-Vesna, Dawnhart witch
Lair Delve①"The fiends have fled. Well, good riddance. Nothing I like more than an empty lair."
Lairwatch Giant①A giant can brood over a grudge for decades, and woe to those who interrupt him.
Lambholt Butcher①True peace can't be achieved until everyone else is dead.
Lambholt Elder①"Be wary of the seemingly gentle souls. The weak here were slaughtered long ago."↵-Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Lambholt Harrier①"This Tovolar is no brainless brute. He sends his howling minions to terrorize a village for months. Sleepless nights and fear take their toll. Only then, when morale is at its worst, does he strike."↵-Barnes, village watch
Lammastide Weave①"A ribbon torn will ward away dark dreams."
Lampad of Death's Vigil①"Grief-struck, she weeps for each mortal's final death."↵-Psemilla, Meletian poet
Lamplighter of Selhoff①For stitchers and necro-alchemists, it's important that work can continue at all hours.
Lancer Sliver①"These polearms were supposed to help!"↵-Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Lancers en-Kor①Nearly all sets of Kor twins are trained as lancers.
Land Leeches①"The standard cure for leeches requires the application of burning embers. Alternative methods must be devised should an ember of sufficient size prove more harmful than the leech." -Vervamon the Elder
Land Leeches①"The standard cure for leeches requires the application of burning embers. Alternative methods must be devised should an ember of sufficient size prove more harmful than the leech."↵-Vervamon the Elder
Landbind Ritual①"Honor this place, for our children's children will stand here and speak these same words again."↵-Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Landslide①Sometimes the mountain takes.↵-Keldon saying
Languish①Life is such a fragile thing.
Lantern Bearer①Val didn't know what the silent geist was offering . . .
Lantern Kami①"Snuffing the light of a lantern without saying a small prayer is bad luck. Though its flame can only singe, its soul can repeatedly visit misery on one's house."↵-Teachings of Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Lantern Scout①Hedron lanterns fend off more than just the darkness.
Lantern Spirit①Bound to the square where she died, she calls out to those in danger-usually scaring them straight into the peril she warns of.
Lantern of Insight①Each eye sees a different possibility for tomorrow.
Lanterns' Lift①. . . but she knew it would be rude to refuse.
Lapse of Certainty①Without a connection of mind and body, magic is just an idea stuck in the head, a word on the tip of a tongue.
Laquatus's Champion①Chainer's dark gift to a darker soul.
Laquatus's Creativity①One never knows when inspiration will bubble up.
Laquatus's Disdain①"The first time was amusing, but now you're getting tiresome."
Larceny①Opportunity makes the thief.↵-Roman proverb
Larder Zombie①The cathars arrived at the abandoned lab to find many of the unfinished projects gnawing on one another.
Larger Than Life①"They say Head Judge Tezzeret will be reviewing every invention at the Fair. I made sure to build something that will stand out."↵-Jehvani, Vahadar artificer
Lash of Malice①"The strongest shadow spells come from disdain for someone else, not frustration with yourself."↵-Embrose, Silverquill dean
Lash of Thorns①"Another angry mob? When will they learn to leave me be?"↵-Terryn, Edgewall outcast
Lash of the Whip①"No matter who their fickle hearts worship, all mortals belong to one god in the end."↵-Iadorna, death priest of Erebos
Lashknife①Those it won't scare, it scars.
Last Breath①"The River flows. My soul returns."
Last Breath①"Tsk. You'd think those nasty merrows would know how to hold their breath."↵-Olka, mistmeadow witch
Last Breath①He gasped in wonder even as his body crumbled away.
Last Breath①In time, all things turn to dust. Some things just take less time.
Last Chance①Li'l Giri defeated the dastardly villain . . . or had he? Find out what is in store for our hero next time!
Last Gasp①"Allow me a moment to catch your breath."
Last Gasp①Takedowns in Valor's Reach are never meant to be lethal, but that doesn't mean they won't be incredibly painful.
Last Kiss①"Romanticize it, glamorize it, call it what you will. To me, it will always be carnal, bloody murder."↵-Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Last One Standing①Some train all their lives for a shot at the title. Some just get really, really lucky.
Last Word①"Someday, someone will best me. But it won't be today, and it won't be you."
Last-Ditch Effort①"If you're gonna lose, at least make sure they don't win as much."↵-Jula, goblin raider
Last-Minute Chopping①"Dear brother, I couldn't forget you if I tried, and I *have* tried."
Lat-Nam's Legacy①"All the knowledge of Lat-Nam could not protect its sages from the Brothers' War."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Lat-Nam's Legacy①"Lat-Nam has bequeathed us its secrets. With them we shall attain true enlightenment."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Latch Seeker①It seeks a tomb that will hold it, a coffin that will give it rest.
Late to Dinner①"I knew you were set in your ways, friend, but even I didn't expect you to keep our engagement, under the circumstances."
Late to Dinner①Mood: A friendship that can outlast death.
Lathiel, the Bounteous Dawn①Weeping, the hunter cast aside her bow, struck by the majesty of the creature before her.
Lathnu Sailback①Travelers to Lathnu, high on the Devra Cliffs, need not fear the political strife of Ghirapur . . . but they have other dangers to worry about.
Latulla, Keldon Overseer①"Everything around her suffers."↵-Haddad, Kipamu soldier
Laughing Hyena①"Two muffins are baking in an oven. One muffin says to the other muffin, 'It's getting hot in here, huh?' The other muffin says, 'Aagh! A talking muffin!'"
Laughing Hyena①"Two muffins are baking in an oven. One muffin says to the other muffin, 'It's getting hot in here, huh?' The other muffin says, 'Aagh! A talking muffin'"
Launch Party①Life's too short to not do the things you love.
Lava Axe①"Catch!"
Lava Axe①A strict upgrade over the cinder hatchet.
Lava Axe①From the heart of the mountain into the heart of the mage.
Lava Axe①It can chop down a redwood in a single stroke. Your sternum isn't going to fare any better.
Lava Axe①Meant to cut through the body and burn straight to the soul.
Lava Axe①Swing your axe as a broom, to sweep away the foe.
Lava Blister①To treat flesh wounds, use earth. To treat earth wounds, use flesh.↵-Barbarian saying
Lava Burst①"Overkill? This isn't a game of Kick-the-Ouphe!"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Lava Burst①"Overkill? This isn't a game of Kick-the-Ouphe!"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Lava Burst①"Overkill? This isn't a game of kick-the-ouphe!"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Lava Coil①"Commander, we caught the Dimir spy and took her ashes into custody."↵-Kramm, Wojek security officer
Lava Dart①"Small outbursts are healthy."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Lava Flow①People ran as never before at the thought of being buried and cremated at the same time.
Lava Hounds①What cats bury, dogs eat.↵-Urborg aphorism
Lava Serpent①Lavabrink's boiling moat is a deterrent for most, and a relaxing bath for one.
Lava Spike①It's not the most subtle incantation, but it gets the point across.
Lava Spike①Some kami attacks during the war were rife with trickery, subterfuge, and subtlety, draining hope and pride from the mortal world. Other attacks were a lot more straightforward.
Lava Storm①They say lava conquers all.
Lavabelly Sliver①Warm enough to incubate eggs or incinerate those who would eat them.
Lavaborn Muse①"Her voice is disaster, painful and final."↵-Matoc, lavamancer
Lavabrink Venturer①"Take one wrong step out here and you're dead. I take only right steps."
Lavafume Invoker①"Then the ancient masters themselves, towers of rapacity, rose and began their calamitous feast."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Lavaglide Pathway①"Don't fear the heat. Just let it lift you up."↵-Amandi, kitesail expert
Lavakin Brawler①She swings with the ease of flowing lava and hits with the force of a meteor.
Lavalanche①Alara's burning blood cannot be contained by mere earth and stone.
Lavastep Raider①Goblins were first to see the potential of hedrons in the fight against the Eldrazi, for the magical stones came ready-made with pointy bits.
Lavinia, Azorius Renegade①"I told Jace that Ravnica would fall apart if he didn't take his responsibilities seriously. I didn't want to be right."
Law-Rune Enforcer①"See that no one enters or leaves New Prahv today. And notify me at once of any Planeswalker activity."↵-Dovin Baan
Lawbringer①One injustice starts a thousand riots. One law stops a thousand crimes.↵-Lawbringer creed
Lawless Broker①Kaladesh's illicit marketplaces are known as "night markets," but if you know who to ask, you can find what you're looking for at any time of the day.
Lay Bare the Heart①"True intentions lie not in the head but in the heart."↵-Bontu, god of ambition
Lay Bare①"It's good to learn from your failures, but I prefer to learn from the failures of others."↵-Jace Beleren
Lay Claim①Initiates need worry only about the trials. Everything else is in the hands of the gods.
Lay Waste①Skirk Ridge had survived earthquakes, mudslides, and meteor showers. Then the goblins moved in.
Lay of the Land①Victory favors neither the righteous nor the wicked. It favors the prepared.
Lazotep Behemoth①"I know I should be more concerned. But a big, blue zombie-potamus from beyond the stars? This is what they're invading us with?"↵-Mileva, Boros legionnaire
Lazotep Chancellor①"Cease all psychic attacks pending intel on enemy countermeasures."↵-Dimir communique
Lazotep Chancellor①Mood: We will conquer you.
Lazotep Reaver①Despite their many forms, the Eternals worked in chilling harmony, unburdened by instinct or emotion.
Lead Astray①"Never underestimate our enemy's strength, brutality, . . . or stupidity."↵-Commander Eesha
Lead Golem①Slow and heavy swings the club.
Lead by Example①Gideon and Nissa carved a path through the Eldrazi swarm, and their Zendikari allies charged into the fray behind them.
Leaden Myr①The Moriok saw the myr as fellow scavengers, never knowing just who the myr were scavenging for.
Leaden Myr①The myr are like necrogen: a transformative force unconcerned with the changes they wreak.
Leadership Vacuum①"While they scramble to fill the sudden vacancy at the top, we strike."↵-Sedris, the Traitor King
Leading Performance①"If people are always on the edge of their seats, we can save money on chair backs."↵-Myra the Magnificent
Leaf Arrow①"Those who think the trees shall remain bystanders throughout this conflict shall be sorely mistaken."↵-Sutina, Speaker of the Tajuru
Leaf Dancer①A leaf dancer sweeps through the forest like a spring breeze, evading even the sharpest eyes and ears.
Leaf Gilder①Eidren, perfect of Lys Alana, ordered hundreds of trees uprooted and rearranged into a pattern he deemed beautiful. Thus the Gilt-Leaf Wood was born.
Leaf-Crowned Visionary①"The seedling you save today may be the sheltering boughs of generations to come."
Leafdrake Roost①"The best experiments are those whose successes replicate themselves."↵-Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Leafkin Avenger①"My roots are ash, my heart a smoldering ember. What I could not protect, I will avenge."
Leafkin Druid①"I am rooted in the life of all that thrives around me. You cannot move me."
Leap of Faith①The finest maneuvers take place in three dimensions.
Leapfrog①"Most compete for insects at street level. Some dwell near Izzet laboratories and ride the thermal updrafts."↵-Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Leaping Lizard①"I never question the Autumn Willow about her motives, not even when she turns people into Lizards. It's her way."↵-Devin, Faerie Noble
Leaping Lizard①"I never question the Autumn Willow about her motives, not even when she turns people into lizards. It's her way."↵-Devin, faerie noble
Leaping Master①"Strength batters down barriers. Discipline ignores them."
Leap①Mirri leapt quickly and silently. The guard died likewise.
Learn from the Past①"I've been told my whole life that the great Ojutai holds all knowledge, but I wonder what our forebears knew."↵-Narset
Leashling①Constructed of leather and irony.
Leather Armor①Lightweight, flexible, and protective.
Leatherback Baloth①Heavy enough to withstand the Roil, leatherback skeletons are havens for travelers in storms and landshifts.
Leave No Trace①The magic of the Boros patrols the streets even when their soldiers do not.
Leave in the Dust①The daredevil racers of the Derby Crows, long at odds with the Consulate, were quick to join the renegades in open revolt.
Ledev Guardian①"I've raised her since she was a pup, and she's raised me since I was a recruit."
Ledger Shredder①No evidence, no crime.
Leech Bonder①Some don't know his face, but his pets are a dead giveaway.
Leech Fanatic①"Everyone thinks that leeches maintain a strictly sanguivorous diet, but in fact, most freshwater leeches are carnivores. Wait, where are you going?"
Leeches①"Where our potions and powders fail, perhaps nature will succeed."↵-Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Leeching Bite①A substantial portion of Vorinclex's forces became fuel for the rest.
Leeching Lurker①First darkness falls. Then it burrows in.
Leeching Sliver①"Seeing one slowly devour one of my party begged the question-do they know what cruelty is?"↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Leering Emblem①The banner was not a symbol of victory, but a herald of the carnage to come.
Leering Gargoyle①"Only a gargoyle would take such delight in a thunderstorm."↵-Qhattib, Vizier of Amiqat
Leery Fogbeast①It emerges from the mists only to feed.
Legerdemain①Squee tucked the warm ball in his pocket and slipped a pebble in its place. "Glok," he mumbled, and hid.
Legerdemain①Squee tucked the warm ball in his pocket and slipped a pebble in its place. 'Glok,' he mumbled, and hid.
Legion Angel①"We are many, and righteous."
Legion Conquistador①The Legion of Dusk sailed from Torrezon in search of glory, riches, and the Immortal Sun.
Legion Lieutenant①"We long ago abandoned the things that make humans weak: friendship, marriage, family. All that remains is the strength of our devotion."
Legion Vanguard①It takes guts to be a trailblazer.
Legion's End①"With a single word, they were unmade."↵-Krinnea, *Siege of the Bone Spire*
Legion's Judgment①"My lance was once wielded by Venerable Tarrian. In his name and by his might, I cast you down!"
Legion's Landing①"I claim this land in the name of the queen."↵-Adrian Adanto of Lujio
Legions of Lim-Dul①"I have seen the faces of my dead friends among that grim band, and I can bear no more."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Legions of Lim-Dul①"I have seen the faces of my dead friends among that grim band, and I can bear no more."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter,↵leader of the Order of the White Shield
Leinore, Autumn Sovereign①She keeps the festival's revels from faltering, infusing the witches' rituals with hope.
Lena, Selfless Champion①"Those who do evil and those who do nothing are equally worthy of contempt."
Lens Flare①Intent: The spell shows a creature being damaged by powerful rays of light.
Lens Flare①The key for surviving a war is never becoming its focus.
Lens of Clarity①"Water shifts and confuses, but as ice it holds the stillness of truth."↵-Arel the Whisperer
Leonin Abunas①Only leonin clerics who can survive the Razor Fields for one turning of the suns can stand in the Cave of Light.
Leonin Arbiter①"Our people are torn by infighting. Until the two sides reconcile, our laws can carry no meaning."
Leonin Armorguard①Well suited are the nacatl to a coat of steel and forge-tempered claws.
Leonin Battlemage①The strongest of the pride are measured not by the steel in their hands but by the steel in their souls.
Leonin Den-Guard①No one under the four suns can elude the watchful eye of the den-guard.
Leonin Elder①"The wisdom of the elders is just as much a weapon as a sword or spear. We must learn to wield it."↵-Ushanti, leonin seer
Leonin Iconoclast①"The stars belong in the night sky. This is our world, and we are our own masters."
Leonin Lightscribe①All who hear his inspiring words are filled with hope and pride.
Leonin Scimitar①"Every scratch tells a story, and every notch has a name. Four generations have held this blade. You shall not disappoint them."↵-Initiation of Laena, skyhunter
Leonin Shikari①Her instinct is as sharp as her blade.
Leonin Skyhunter①"The infection has spread farther than we could glimpse from the heights of Taj-Nar."
Leonin Skyhunter①The skyhunters were born when the first leonin gazed at the heavens and wished to hunt the birds overhead.
Leonin Snarecaster①Formerly oppressed by the polis of Meletis, leonin occasionally "mistake" their old enemies for game.
Leonin Squire①"I may be kha, but without my soldiers, my people, I am nothing."↵-Raksha Golden Cub
Leonin Sun Standard①The commander tells the troops where to go, but the standard reminds them why they're there.
Leonin Vanguard①The best fighters are skilled in both harming and healing.
Leonin Warleader①"Troops, kitten formation! This mouse won't catch itself!"↵-Whiskers
Leonin Warleader①When one leonin hunts, many more are surely nearby.
Leonin of the Lost Pride①Leonin band together in the Underworld, taking solace in their strength until, at last, both pride and self are forgotten.
Leopard-Spotted Jiao①This strange beast has the hide of a leopard, the howl of a dog, and the horns of an ox.
Leovold, Emissary of Trest①"I'm sure we can come to an arrangement."
Leshrac's Rite①"Bind me to thee, my soul to thine. I am your servant and your slave. Blood for blood, flesh for flesh, Leshrac, my lord."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Leshrac's Rite①"Bind me to thee, my soul to thine. I am your servant and your slave. I shall hunger for your word and thirst for your blessing. Blood for blood, flesh for flesh, Leshrac, my lord."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Leshrac's Rite①"Brackish water, dark and blind Heed my will, to you I bind."↵-Opening passage of Leshrac's Rite
Lesser Gargadon①"In some cultures, elephants are ridden by those in power. I don't think a mere elephant would even be noticed in Keld."↵-Onean sergeant
Lesser Gargadon①Trod on by a gargadon↵-Kipamu expression meaning "wiped out"
Lethal Sting①Initiates once believed defeat was the worst fate possible-a sentiment they quickly abandoned.
Lethal Vapors①The vapors infiltrate every crevice, poison every lung, and snuff out every life.
Lethargy Trap①Suddenly, Zurdi didn't care about treasure, glory, food . . . or the drakes circling above.
Letter Bomb①"Dear Magic R&D, . . ."
Letter of Acceptance①The letter unfolded, inviting the twins to Strixhaven. Will saw a chance for arcane study. Rowan saw a chance for power.
Leveler①Once a century, the levelers rip through every corner of Mirrodin, obeying the commands of an unseen master.
Levitation①"We'll be easy targets if we remain on the ground. Let's take the fight to them."
Levitation①"Why fight over scraps of land when there's so much sky waiting to be claimed?"
Levitation①Barrin's pride in his apprentice was diminished somewhat when he had to get the others back down.
Levitation①The horses of Scytha's army must be well trained. A thrown rider would fall miles before meeting the ground.
Lexivore①Plucking the chicken↵-Elvish expression meaning "flinging the monkey"
Ley Druid①After years of training, the Druid becomes one with nature, drawing power from the land and returning it when needed.
Ley Druid①After years of training, the druid becomes one with nature, drawing power from the land and returning it when needed.
Ley Line①"I can feel the strength of the entire forest."↵-Gerrard
Leyline Invocation①"Do you still believe my work is nothing but dry, boring equations?"↵-Cairu, Quandrix mage-student
Leyline Phantom①"Is the maze itself a phantom? Or is one as real as the other? Perhaps I am as mad as the dragon."↵-Jace Beleren, journal
Leyline Prowler①It feeds on the dark energies that course through the deep world-and on any other creature lured by the leyline's pull.
Leyline of Lifeforce①Where sovereignty and flesh converge.
Leyline of Lightning①Where storm and spellcraft converge.
Leyline of Singularity①Where renown and solitude converge.
Leyline of the Meek①Where strength and humility converge.
Leyline of the Void①Where treachery and oblivion converge.
Lhurgoyf①"Ach! Hans, run! It's the Lhurgoyf!"↵-Saffi Eriksdotter, last words
Lhurgoyf①"Ach! Hans, run! It's the lhurgoyf!"↵-Saffi Eriksdotter, last words
Liability①Gerrard realized that the helpless woman they'd rescued from Rath was nothing of the sort.
Liberated Dwarf①Freed from their chains, these dwarves are bound only by honor.
Liberate①"Not everyone gets a second chance."↵-Hanna
Library Larcenist①"I specialize in missing manuscripts, pilfered poetry, and lifted letters."
Library of Alexandria①2020 Vintage Champion
Lich's Caress①A lich must consume mortal souls to feed its eternal life.
Lich's Mirror①It shows not what you are but what you were.
Licia, Sanguine Tribune①"I give my blood, my life, all I have in exchange for victory."
Lier, Disciple of the Drowned①Beneath the waves, lost gods stir in their slumber.
Lieutenant Kirtar①"His strengths are pride, devotion, and ambition. His weaknesses are the same."↵-Pianna, nomad captain
Life Burst①As uplifting as a mystic's dreams.
Life Goes On①"If you believe the God-Pharaoh tests you, charge with me to prove yourself. If you believe he betrayed us all, join with me to fight for tomorrow!"↵-Samut, former Tah-crop initiate
Life Insurance①All the money in the world won't buy back a pulse.
Life and Limb①"It was a sight of pain and awe-a twisted forest, migrating across the salt plain in search of richer soil."↵-Edahlis, greenseeker
Life from the Loam①"When there is no one left but the ravens, the Swarm will rise and rule all."↵-Lost prophecy of Svogthir
Life's Finale①The feeble resistance of the flesh is over. Phyrexia spreads its shadow over all.
Life's Legacy①At the instant of death, the mystery of life.
Lifeblood Hydra①Pharika has written her secrets on its bones so that only the worthy may discover them.
Lifeblood①"Foolish wizard! As you tap the power of your lofty keep, so grows my strength."↵-Malvern Xelionos, *Letters*
Lifecraft Awakening①"It was made, yes, but that does not mean it cannot grow."
Lifecraft Cavalry①"I do not ask you to be tame. I only ask you to be true."↵-Rishkar, Peema renegade
Lifecrafter's Bestiary①"Inspiration is found by looking outward."↵-Oviya Pashiri, sage lifecrafter
Lifecrafter's Gift①The best engineers recognize when a problem has already been solved.
Lifeforce①"Every fallen tree nourishes a thousand seedlings."↵-Autumn Willow to Baron Sengir
Lifegift①"Walk the world and you'll find your soul; search your soul and you'll discover the world."↵-Diary of Azusa
Lifelink①The spoils of war are not measured only in gold and silver.
Lifesmith①The Sylvok see the artificer as a gardener, preparing the world for hardy growth.
Lifespark Spellbomb①"Awaken that which was never asleep."↵-Spellbomb inscription
Lifespinner①"The husk splits like a madman's smile And mystery steps forth."↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Lifespring Druid①"The land is not dead, merely sick. I will nurse it back to health."
Lifetap①"Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps the singing bird will come."↵-Chinese proverb
Light Up the Stage①"Places, everyone!"↵-Judith
Light from Within①"Muscle does not make one strong. It only masks the soul's light. True strength lies in purity of purpose."↵-Donal Alloway, cenn of Kinscaer
Light of Day①"I do not miss sunlight. The very memory of it burns my eyes."↵-Volrath
Light of Promise①The light washed over him, and in the wind he heard the roars of all the pridemates who had come before.
Light of Sanction①The Legion looks after its own.
Light the Way①"That way lies death. This way, a chance."
Lightbringer①One thought opens a thousand eyes. One sun brings a thousand dawns.↵-Lightbringer creed
Lighthouse①My salt-drenched heart grew warm when my eyes beheld the beacon
Lightmine Field①If you want to kill a lot of goblins, just make sure your defenses look like fun.
Lightning Angel①Sudden vengeance, echoing fury.
Lightning Axe①"A gargoyle's meat can be carved with an ordinary cleaver, but for its petrous hide . . ."↵-Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, *The Underworld Cookbook*
Lightning Axe①Spirits disturbed by ghoulcallers become geists driven by restless anger.
Lightning Blast①"I'll climb down soon. Don't worry, it's just a thundersto-"↵-Former elvish scout
Lightning Blast①"Those who fear the darkness have never seen what the light can do."↵-Selenia, dark angel
Lightning Blow①"If you do it right, they'll never know what hit them."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Lightning Bolt①"Hasn't she heard of knocking?!"↵-Snerd, Flaming Fist guard
Lightning Bolt①"My, how shocking."↵-Barrin, Tolarian archmage
Lightning Bolt①"The first mages witnessed the fury of the raging storm and wished to answer back."↵-*The Stormwright Texts*
Lightning Bolt①The sparkmage shrieked, calling on the rage of the storms of his youth. To his surprise, the sky responded with a fierce energy he'd never thought to see again.
Lightning Cloud①The mightiest clouds sit upon spires of fire.↵-Femeref adage
Lightning Dart①Broken and punctured by dozens of Phyrexian portals, the angry sky began to spit lightning back at the world.
Lightning Diadem①"I fight for Keranos and for mortals. I see no contradiction."
Lightning Elemental①"A flash of the lightning, a break of the wave, He passes from life to his rest in the grave."↵-William Knox, "Mortality"
Lightning Elemental①"Oh, it's easy enough to kill, but I'm not going anywhere near it."↵-Norin the Wary
Lightning Elemental①A lightning elemental once killed an entire tribe of merfolk-simply by going for a swim.
Lightning Greaves①After lightning struck the cliffs, the ore became iron, the iron became steel, and the steel became greaves. The lightning never left.
Lightning Greaves①The boots demonstrated many strange magical properties, but the most remarkable was their ability to withstand Westley's ferocious chewing.
Lightning Greaves①This matched set incorporates aetheric accelerators and deflection matrices in an elegant, wearable design.
Lightning Helix①"Mages in the Blood Age would call down actual thunderstorms on their enemies. I bet we can replicate their technique."↵-Dradiel, Lorehold mage-student
Lightning Helix①"Rage is not the answer. Rage followed by fitting vengeance is the answer."↵-Ajani
Lightning Helix①"Rage is not the answer. Rage followed by fitting vengeance is the answer."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Lightning Helix①Though less well-known than its army of soldiers, the Boros Legion's mage-priests are as respected by the innocent as they are hated by the ghosts of the guilty.
Lightning Hounds①Quick enough to avoid jhovalls when alone and fierce enough to attack them in packs, the hounds were as at home in the mountains as the Mercadians were atop theirs.
Lightning Javelin①The harpies descended without mercy upon Akros, only to find their attack put them within range of the javelineers.
Lightning Mare①When it passes, storm clouds bolt across the land.
Lightning Prowess①"Undead flesh is dry and papery. A single spark and 'poof.' No more ghoul."
Lightning Reflexes①"Inhale. Kill. Exhale."
Lightning Rift①"Jealous of storms, Vadrok took lightning from the sky and buried it deep under the earth. It still rumbles there, longing to escape."↵-*Tales of the Ozolith*
Lightning Rift①Options will cost you, but a lack of them will cost you even more.
Lightning Runner①"Catch me if you can."
Lightning Serpent①Ice exploded into steam in its wake, hissing like a thousand serpents hailing their blazing master.
Lightning Shrieker①Dragonslayers learned to keep silent about their deeds after seeing the terrible vengeance wrought by Kolaghan and her brood.
Lightning Spear①When wielded, it begs to be released.
Lightning Stormkin①"I strike in the same place as many times as necessary."
Lightning Strike①"Storm on the horizon, cap'n!"↵-Grick Doobin, last words
Lightning Strike①"The hand of Keranos can be seen in every rumbling storm cloud. Best not to stand where he points."↵-Rakleia of Shrine Peak
Lightning Strike①Danitha watched in shock as electricity lanced from Jaya's fingertips, obliterating the charging Phyrexians. "What?" said the pyromancer serenely. "I told you I'd learned some new tricks."
Lightning Strike①To wield lightning is to tame chaos.
Lightning Talons①"The victim was either clawed to death or struck by lightning. Possibly both."↵-Pel Javya, Wojek investigator
Lightning Talons①"This is going to hurt a lot, but on the bright side, you'll be dead soon."↵-Sedris, the Traitor King
Lightning Visionary①"The gods don't speak to mortals with gentle entreaties. They speak with thunder and fury."
Lightning Volley①"We are the motes of rain that join to make the thundercloud. The power of the storm god surges through us!"
Lightning Wolf①These thick-furred wolves have adapted to Stensia's storms, channeling their energy into bursts of supernatural speed.
Lightning-Core Excavator①"That's the third time this month it's exploded on site. Maybe we should switch to something a little less defective."↵-Kerrin, archaeologist
Lightning-Rig Crew①A pirate ship in battle is a storm of activity.
Lightwalker①"The greatest gift Dromoka gives is the ability to fly without wings."↵-Urdnan, Dromoka warrior
Lignify①Bulgo paused, puzzled. What was that rustling sound, and why did he feel so stiff? And how could his *feet* be so thirsty?
Likeness of the Seeker①"I ask for nothing more than a new journey and a fresh path to greet my feet when I wake each morning."↵-Azusa
Lila, Hospitality Hostess①As far as Lila was concerned, all courtesy should be common.
Liliana's Caress①"This might hurt less if you don't fight so hard. But I doubt it."
Liliana's Contract①Immortality is worth any price.
Liliana's Contract①She sold her soul to four demons for powerful gifts.
Liliana's Defeat①"All the power you have gathered for yourself, Liliana, I can take away."↵-Nicol Bolas
Liliana's Devotee①Liliana inspires horror in many and fanatical admiration in a few.
Liliana's Elite①"You have to admit, Gideon-he has great form."↵-Liliana Vess
Liliana's Indignation①"Days ago, you came to my door asking for help, Jace. Yet now here you are with accusations?"
Liliana's Mastery①"There are so many of them. It seems they've just been waiting for someone to serve."
Liliana's Scorn①"We're done here."
Liliana's Scrounger①"This arm's got plenty of use left in it. Who'd throw such a nice thing away?"
Liliana's Specter①"The finest minions know what I need without me ever saying a thing."↵-Liliana Vess
Liliana's Standard Bearer①The purple banner of the House of Vess is a symbol of death wherever it's flown.
Liliana's Steward①Servants at Vess Manor are chosen for their strong work ethic and respectful demeanor. Being alive is not required.
Liliana's Triumph①Her triumph came not from escaping her death, but in claiming her independence.
Liliana, Death's Majesty①Death is no excuse for disobedience
Lim-Dul's Cohort①"Join me in the place of power, you risen dead. Join me where the waters weep and the trees have no hearts."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Lim-Dul's Hex①"The weak shall fall. The strong shall remain."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Lim-Dul's High Guard①"Death does not prevent us from service to our absent master. As long as Tresserhorn stands, so shall we."↵-Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Lim-Dul's High Guard①"The Guard will forever stand ready. For them, death is merely an inconvenience, not an ending."↵-Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Lim-Dul's High Guard①"The guard will forever stand ready. For them, death is merely an inconvenience, not an ending."↵-Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Limestone Golem①Dwarves have been known to take pickaxes to their own creations, hoping to discover treasures within.
Limits of Solidarity①"When the time comes, only one of you will be honored by my spear."↵-Hazoret, god of zeal
Linden, the Steadfast Queen①"Until my last breath, I will defend the realm."
Line Cutter①Waiting is for chumps with flimsy spacesuits.
Lineprancers①Can you do the can-can-can-can?
Lingering Death①"Looks bad. I don't know if he'll make it through the night."↵-Cabal cleric
Lingering Mirage①Birds frozen in flight. Sea turned to glass. Tolaria hidden in a mirror.
Lingering Phantom①"True power never dies, but lies awake, waiting for its name to be spoken."↵-*The Eldest Reborn*
Lingering Souls①The murdered inhabitants of Hollowhenge impart to the living the terror they felt in death.
Lingering Tormentor①The bogeyman doesn't disappear when you close your eyes.
Linvala, Keeper of Silence①Those who seek to disturb the harmony of life will see their instruments taken from them.
Lion's Eye Diamond①Held in the lion's eye -Zhalfirin saying meaning "caught in the moment of crisis"
Lion's Eye Diamond①Held in the lion's eye↵-Zhalfirin saying meaning "caught in the moment of crisis"
Lionheart Maverick①"Your signet is no symbol of power. It marks only your need for numbers to aid you. What do you do, guild-rat, now that you face my blade alone?"
Liquid Fire①There's no such thing as a little bit of lava.
Liquimetal Coating①"They'll soon become accustomed to wearing skin that is not their own."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Liquimetal Torque①"Weaponized jewelry has a long and respected history."↵-Ervos Trax
Lisette, Dean of the Root①"Life is as fleeting as it is vibrant. Embrace the brief blessing of a flower before it withers."
Lithoform Blight①Heedless of Nissa's warnings, Nahiri repeated history.
Lithomancer's Focus①"Even in the hands of amateurs, Nahiri's hedrons can harm the Eldrazi."↵-Ugin
Lithophage①It's viciously territorial, destroying every creature on the mountain it has chosen to consume.
Littjara Glade-Warden①In every tree, a restless spirit.
Littjara Kinseekers①Like calls to like, and none are forgotten.
Little Girl①In the future, she may be a distinguished leader, a great scholar, or a decorated hero. These days all she does is pee the bed.
Liturgy of Blood①"You harbor such vast potential. It would be such a shame to let you die of old age."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Liu Bei, Lord of Shu①"Only wisdom and virtue can truly win men's devotion."↵-Liu Bei
Livaan, Cultist of Tiamat①Her hunger for power consumes what the fire cannot.
Live Fast①"When you have the chance, take it. Laugh, sing, dance. Don't allow the night to end."
Living Airship①The ship has a crew of three: the pilot, the gunner, and the ship itself.
Living Armor①Though it affords excellent protection, few don this armor. The process is uncomfortable and not easily reversed.
Living Breakthrough①"While they squabble below, let us rise above."↵-Emire, director of the Saiba Futurists
Living Destiny①"That our enemies are great only brings us greater hope."
Living Hive①In its center is a single red ant, a queen that regulates the hive's movements.
Living Lightning①Not all storms come from the sky.
Living Tempest①"If you don't like the weather, just wait a few minutes and it'll change ... probably for the worse."↵-Amandi, kitesail expert
Living Terrain①Keldons were accustomed to rugged terrain, but they never expected it to be aggressive.
Living Terrain①Some warriors walk the earth. Others are born of it.
Living Tsunami①At low tide it slumbers. At high tide it devours.
Living Twister①"The ancient places of Ravnica awaken, stirred by the hoofbeats of Ilharg!"↵-Nikya of the Old Ways
Living Wall①Some fiendish mage had created a horrifying wall of living flesh, patched together from a jumble of still-recognizable body parts. As we sought to hew our way through it, some unknown power healed the gaping wounds we cut, denying us passage.
Living Wish①He wished for growth, but not for a way to control it.
Living Wish①The best wishes include the will to tame their consequences.
Livonya Silone①Livonya's own nature is a matter of mystery. Nothing is known for sure, merely rumors of unearthly stealth, and unholy alliances.
Lizard Warrior①Don't let its appearance frighten you. Let its claws and teeth do that.
Llanowar Augur①"I am irrelevant. The future I hold in my hands is everything."
Llanowar Behemoth①"Most people can't build decent weapons out of stone or steel. Trust the elves to do it with only mud and vines."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Llanowar Cavalry①For the first time, elves welcomed Benalish soldiers into the forest with something other than arrows.
Llanowar Dead①Just as leaves fall from the branches of a living tree, so too do the dead leave the elfhame.
Llanowar Druid①"This forest means more to the druids than their own kin. The loss of a tree is like the loss of a child."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Llanowar Elves①As patient and generous as life, as harsh and merciless as nature.
Llanowar Elves①Hardened by their life in the haunted Llanowar Forest, these fierce beings are outcasts among elvenkind.
Llanowar Elves①Llanowar covers a million square miles, yet nobody enters the forest without the elves knowing it.
Llanowar Elves①One bone broken for every twig snapped underfoot.↵-Llanowar penalty for trespassing
Llanowar Elves①Whenever the Llanowar Elves gather the fruits of their forest, they leave one plant of each type untouched, considering that nature's portion.
Llanowar Elves①Whenever the Llanowar elves gather the fruits of their forest, they leave one plant of each type untouched, considering that nature's portion.
Llanowar Envoy①"Cherish this world in honor of the martyrs who saved it. We too must be prepared to give our lives."↵-*The Mending of Dominaria*
Llanowar Knight①Her armor and steed were borrowed, but her courage was hers alone.
Llanowar Loamspeaker①Twigs broken underfoot in Llanowar tend to return the favor.
Llanowar Mentor①"One day the vines of this forest will be as much a part of you as your own fingers."
Llanowar Scout①Llanowar elfhames occupy different heights within the great forest. Elves of the Loridalh and Kelfae hames can see neither earth nor sky.
Llanowar Sentinel①"The forest has as many eyes as leaves."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Llanowar Stalker①If you spot one elf in Llanowar, it's likely there's another with a knife at your back.
Llanowar Tribe①"Llanowar remembers the Ice Age, the Phyrexian Invasion, and the Rift Era. So long as we draw breath, we will ensure such disasters never threaten our world again."
Llanowar Vanguard①Llanowar rallied around Eladamri's banner and united in his name.
Llanowar Visionary①The elves of Llanowar look to their past to determine the shape of their future.
Loafing Giant①"Forget it. I'm not getting up today."
Loam Dryad①"I've never known dryads to suffer visitors in their woods. Beware the Ulvenwald when she welcomes you."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Loam Dweller①"You know its mood by the plants that spring up around it. When it is placid, fields of lilies flow in its wake; when it is angry, every stem has a thorn."↵-Isao, Enlightened Bushi
Loam Larva①The forest floor of Murasa is home to life as diverse and vibrant as that of the canopy above.
Loam Lion①In Zendikar, today's grassland could be tomorrow's jungle, and hunting grounds change as quickly as the weather.
Loamdragger Giant①Giants sleep soundly and long, sometimes for long enough that a crust of earth and moss grows over them. But inevitably something disturbs their slumber, and they wake unhappy.
Loaming Shaman①"The living don't ever stay living, and the dead don't always stay dead."↵-Jeddeg, philosopher of graves
Loaming Shaman①His work determines who is remembered and who feeds the worms.
Loathsome Chimera①"I see... elk? And lion? And... teeth! A lot of teeth!"↵-Teraklos of Meletis
Loathsome Curator①She collects only the choicest of deaths.
Lobber Crew①It's easier to just aim at everything.
Lobe Lobber①"Time for you to meet the brains of this operation!"↵-The Big Idea
Loch Dragon①Despite its ferocity, its favor can be won with a gift of something it's never seen before.
Loch Korrigan①"Don't look upon still waters without first breaking the surface. The korrigan will catch you with her gaze and drag you to your death."↵-Kithkin superstition
Locked in the Cemetery①"Help! I'm not a zombie! Let me out!"
Locket of Yesterdays①Every hour, at the turning of the glass, its owner had whispered to the locket, seeding it with secrets. This would be her legacy, her memory, if the rifts should take her.
Locthwain Gargoyle①"As the traitor hurried across the courtyard, its eyes snapped open. It was time to pay the queen a visit."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Locthwain Paladin①"I will find the king if I have to ride from summer to winter and back again."
Locust Miser①"They're numerous, attack in swarms, and are always hungry. No wonder we rats hold such a kinship with them."
Locust Swarm①Better a fierce thunderhead than a sky filled with locusts.
Lodestone Golem①"Progress update: the problem of the slagheap blocking the entrance seems to have solved itself."↵-Mine supervisor's report
Lodestone Golem①"Somehow it warps the Æther. It brings a strange weight, a blockade in the flow of spellcraft."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Lodestone Myr①When necessary, myr can override and control any artificial object, as can their creator.
Lofty Denial①The mage scowled as yet another bolt splashed harmlessly against seemingly empty air.
Log Flume①"Keep your hands and feet inside me at all times and enjoy the glubbbbrbb! Glbbglubb! Glb!"
Log Flume①"Thanks for riding, and be sure not to leaf anything behind! Just some tree humor for you."
Logic Knot①"Such sloppy work. Let's unravel it and try again!"
Lone Missionary①His mission has become a grim pilgrimage, a tour of the Eldrazi-stricken outposts across Zendikar. But he marches on alone, stubborn as the daily dawn.
Lone Rider①"Horse and rider are often of one mind."↵-Ulda, Gavony Rider
Lone Wolf of the Natterknolls①. . . but he'll have you for lunch.
Lone Wolf①A wolf without a pack is either a survivor or a brute.
Long Rest①A job well done means a rest well earned.
Long Road Home①The person who finishes a journey is rarely the same as the one who starts it.
Long-Finned Skywhale①The aethersphere is home to the most wondrous beings on all of Kaladesh, although the dangers of traversing it mean that not much is known of them.
Long-Forgotten Gohei①Long ago, the priests would wave the gohei to call down the gods. Now it lies forgotten, but the spirits still feel its pull.
Long-Term Plans①"Wait, it'll come to me in a minute."
Longbow Archer①"If it bears wings, I will pin it to the skies over Tefemburu."↵-Roya, Zhalfirin archer
Longbow Archer①"If it bears wings, I will pin it to the skies over Tefemburu."↵-Ruya, Zhalfirin archer
Longbow Archer①Some say they have the blood of hawks running through their veins.
Longhorn Firebeast①Its blast can fuse armor to bone, leaving skeletons that glint brightly in the sun.
Longtusk Cub①It won't be small forever.
Look Skyward and Despair①"Today I take the reins of destiny itself. Today the Draconic Apocalypse is upon you."
Look at Me, I'm the DCI①Few understand the DCI's rigorous decision-making process.
Lookout's Dispersal①Her song plucks the strings of the storm, shifting wind and storm into a harmony that will carry her ship to safety.
Looming Altisaur①Nature can't be tamed, but the Sun Empire believes that humans are made stronger when they test themselves against the wild strength of the dinosaurs.
Looming Hoverguard①Although mute, hoverguards get their message across loud and clear.
Looming Shade①Its form never rests, propelled by some undetectable gale from beyond the gloom.
Looming Shade①On darkness feeding, in nightmares breeding.
Looming Shade①The shade tracks victims by reverberations of the pipes, as a spider senses prey tangled in its trembling web.
Loose Lips①Your sentence can't be longer than this one.
Looter il-Kor①Unable to touch items of value, he goes forth to steal secrets instead.
Lord of Atlantis①"'We have no legs,' the warrior spat, 'for we have finished running.'"↵-Vodalian folktale
Lord of Atlantis①A master of tactics, the Lord of Atlantis makes his people bold in battle merely by arriving to lead them.
Lord of Atlantis①A master of tactics, the lord of Atlantis makes his people bold in battle merely by arriving to lead them.
Lord of Change①The Lords of Change are Tzeentch's greatest servants. The most powerful of them wield fragments of his power over destiny.
Lord of Extinction①The forlorn cries of the dead combine to make its laugh.
Lord of the Accursed①The Curse of Wandering leaves only hatred.
Lord of the Pit①"My summoning begins your debt, Planeswalker."
Lord of the Pit①"My summoning begins your debt, planeswalker."
Lord of the Undead①"All of life's problems can be solved-death included."↵-Nymara, Rhodosi dreadlord
Lord of the Undead①"Do not weep at your defeat, my dear. In death, you will serve a greater purpose-mine."
Lord of the Undead①"I confer with Death itself. What could you possibly do to injure me?"
Lord of the Undead①"I confer with Death itself. What could you possibly do to injure me?"↵-Lord Dralnu
Lord of the Unreal①"The dream does not end until I say so."
Lore Broker①Lies are sold as often as truths-and used just as effectively.
Lore Seeker①Each volume contains wonders.
Lorehold Apprentice①Ancient footfalls echo in her head, their timeless rhythm guiding the present.
Lorehold Campus①Mage-students obsessed with the secrets of the past choose Lorehold, the college of archaeomancy.
Lorehold Pledgemage①"The weight of history can empower you or it can crush you. It's your choice."
Lorescale Coatl①"The enlightenment I never found in etherium I have found traced in the coatl's scales."↵-Ranalus, vedalken heretic
Loreseeker's Stone①Mages come from far and wide to bathe in its wisdom.
Lorthos, the Tidemaker①When Lorthos emerges from his deepwater realm, the tides bow to his will and the coastline cowers in his presence.
Lose Calm①A lifetime of discipline forsaken in a moment of rage.
Lose Focus①The spell wavered, caught on the tip of his tongue and at the edge of his awareness.
Lost Hours①"Your thoughts do not interest me nearly as much as the absence thereof."↵-Gorghul, augur of skulls
Lost Legacy①"That name shall not be spoken."↵-Baral, Chief of Compliance
Lost Legion①Even death cannot diminish the persistence of the knights of Locthwain.
Lost Leonin①Mirrans were broken down and rebuilt, made to be loyal servants of the force they had fought.
Lost Order of Jarkeld①"Let us remember brave Jarkeld and his troops, who perished in the Adarkar Wastes so long ago."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Lost Order of Jarkeld①"Let us remember brave Jarkeld and his troops, who perished in the Adarkar Wastes so long ago."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Lost Soul①Her hand gently beckons, she whispers your name-but those who go with her are never the same.
Lost Soul①Her hand gently beckons, she whispers your name-↵But those who go with her are never the same.
Lost Soul①She walks in the twilight, her steps make no sound,/ Her feet leave no tracks on the dew-covered ground./ Her hand gently beckons, she whispers your name-/ But those who go with her are never the same.
Lost Vale①The pirates had ventured into the interior for treasure. They found something far greater.
Lost in a Labyrinth①Even those who leave the labyrinth never escape it, forever dreaming of their time trapped within.
Lost in the Mist①The secrets she carried could have saved many lives, but they quietly drowned with her.
Lotleth Giant①"I prefer the big and looming to the small and skittering."↵-Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Lotleth Troll①He lurks in the undercity, eager for the corpse haulers to unload their rotting cargo.
Lotus Cobra①Its hood blossoms as a warning: receive your gift, but stray no closer.
Lotus Cobra①Its scales contain the essence of thousands of lotus blooms.
Lotus Guardian①Lotus fields are too valuable to leave undefended.
Lotus Path Djinn①"The lotus takes root where body and mind intersect. It blooms when body and mind become one."
Lotus Petal①"Hard to imagine," mused Hanna, stroking the petal, "such a lovely flower inspiring such greed."
Lotus Petal①Each of these intricate mechanical petals stores enough power to supply all of Ghirapur, if only for a fleeting moment.
Lotus Vale①At what price beauty?
Lotus-Eye Mystics①Every action has a foreseen purpose.
Lovestruck Beast①His mind chose solitude, but his heart disagreed.
Lovisa Coldeyes①"A massacre? It is a mercy we grant them. This way they won't freeze to death."
Lovisa Coldeyes①"I lead my horde to the northwest. I won't return until the ice wizards fall and their fiendish contraptions are crushed!"
Lowland Basilisk①Unlike their cousins, Rathi basilisks turn their victims into puddles of flowstone.
Lowland Giant①"Faugh!" snorted Tahngarth. "Why would it make a meal of something like you?" Squee looked relieved. "No," he continued, "you'd make a much better toothpick."
Lowland Oaf①"I don't know why the little one was so mad. He said to put him down, and I put him down."
Lowland Tracker①"I feed my hatred to the righteous and they join my crusade."↵-Akroma, angelic avenger
Loxodon Anchorite①The loxodon ascribe religious superiority to those born albino, believing them to be spiritually pure.
Loxodon Convert①Just one drop of the glistening oil can eventually stain even a soul as stalwart as a loxodon's beyond redemption.
Loxodon Gatekeeper①The gatekeepers are so fastidious that even the winds must wait to pass.
Loxodon Hierarch①"I have lived long, and I remember how this city once was. If my death serves to bring back the Ravnica in my memory, then so be it."
Loxodon Line Breaker①Loxodons are firm in stature and spirit. No matter the odds, they are always first into battle.
Loxodon Mender①The Auriok believe that in the hands of a loxodon, no weapon can be broken.
Loxodon Mystic①As the nim storm across the plains, a lone priest stands in their path. At his silent gesture, the battle line breaks, and the tide turns.
Loxodon Mystic①Elder mystics take their vow of silence so seriously that they impose it on any who enter their presence.
Loxodon Partisan①"On every plane I've encountered loxodons, I've found stalwart and loyal friends."↵-Elspeth
Loxodon Partisan①"This war is not about loxodon or leonin, Sylvok or Auriok. To defeat these rotters, we must do it together."
Loxodon Punisher①The loxodons believe punishment comes in two steps: pain and atonement. They carry a weapon for each.
Loxodon Sergeant①His voice is both war horn and rallying cry, a trumpeting call that stirs even the faintest heart.
Loxodon Stalwart①Long ago, the Auriok attempted peace with the loxodons. The leonin attempted war. Neither succeeded.
Loxodon Warhammer①"A crafter must imbue her weapon with part of her soul-something the Phyrexians are incapable of doing."↵-Melira
Loxodon Warhammer①"A crafter must imbue her weapon with part of her soul-something the Phyrexians are incapable of doing."↵-Melira, sylvok outcast
Loxodon Warhammer①"Tusks to splinter skulls. Steel to shatter scale."↵-Warhammer inscription
Loxodon Wayfarer①The Mirran elders vanished with Memnarch, leaving behind a generation of wayward orphans.
Loyal Apprentice①Those with knowledge are wise to listen to those with imagination.
Loyal Cathar①"I trust myself to do my duty, even unto death. It's what comes after that I'm afraid of."↵-Constable Visil, to Thalia
Loyal Drake①"Doves and pigeons are too subtle. When I send a message, I want it to have some teeth."↵-Aeschel, royal diplomat
Loyal Gryff①Silverstreak had lost her rider, but not her instinct to help humankind.
Loyal Guardian①Each scar on its hide is a badge of honor.
Loyal Gyrfalcon①It's tethered not to keep it from fleeing but to keep it from eating everything in sight.
Loyal Pegasus①"Even if I should die in the saddle, she will not let me fall to the ground."↵-Hypatia of the Winged Horse
Loyal Sentry①"My cause is simple: To stop you, at any cost, from ever seeing the inside of this keep."
Loyal Sentry①His watch ends only when he does.
Loyal Subordinate①Zombies work best when they're fed appropriately, so it's prudent to let them eat on the job.
Loyal Warhound①A paladin's steed is a celestial spirit in animal form.
Lozhan, Dragons' Legacy①She channels myth and memory into waves of deadly arcane force.
Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms①"Dong Zhuo's man, Lu Bu, warrior without peer, / Far surpassed the champions of his sphere."
Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms①"Dong Zhuo's man, Lu Bu, warrior without peer,/ Far surpassed the champions of his sphere."
Lu Meng, Wu General①As the Wu chief commander, Lu Meng conquered Shu-held Jingzhou in 219 by disguising soldiers as merchants on boats filled with hiding troops.
Lu Su, Wu Advisor①Lu Su served as an intermediary between the Wu and Shu kingdoms until Zhou Yu's death in 210, when he became Wu's supreme commander.
Lucent Liminid①It is a herald of the sun goddess, projected from the hallowed glass whenever her light passes through.
Lucid Dreams①Never be afraid to look where others can't-or won't.
Lucky Clover①Syr Branigan always remembered to kiss his good luck charm, having lost his foot to wolverines the last time he forgot.
Lucky Offering①The playful kami reserved its greatest blessings for those who brought not wealth or rare delicacies, but particularly amusing trinkets.
Ludevic's Abomination①After several frustrating experiments, the visionary Ludevic realized he needed to create a monster that fed on torch-wielding mobs.
Ludevic, Necro-Alchemist①"How does one become a self-taught genius? Naturally, it requires brains."
Lullmage Mentor①"Many voices are needed to quiet this land."
Lullmage's Domination①"One spell to quiet the Roil, one to quash the will. The principle is the same."
Lullmage's Familiar①"They store energy in special gastric organs ... but I guess you'd probably rather have me clear the path than ramble about guts."↵-Fahar, expedition wizard
Lull①The clamor of war ceased as both armies stood and marveled at the beauty of Gaea's work.
Lumbering Satyr①The satyr carves the path that all of Rushwood follows.↵-Cho-Arrim saying
Lumberknot①Animated by geists fused in its oak, it hungers for more life to add to its core.
Lumengrid Augur①Information pumps like blood through vedalken society.
Lumengrid Drake①Properly outfitted, drakes made perfect sentries for vedalken strongholds.
Lumengrid Gargoyle①"Anything that watches without sleep and fights without fear is a valuable ally against the Phyrexians."↵-Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Lumengrid Sentinel①The vedalken order their Neurok sentinels to watch over the shores of the Quicksilver Sea, as if they know of intruders yet to come.
Lumengrid Warden①His peers derive knowledge from ancient tomes locked within dark spires. He finds knowledge within the solitude of a lifetime spent watching the Quicksilver Sea.
Lumengrid Warden①The Neurok, like the vedalken, are on a constant quest for knowledge. It is their currency, their trade, their life.
Lumengrid Warden①The wardens keep watch over an endless sea of progress.
Luminarch Aspirant①"Rally to my light, and together we will drive out this darkness!"
Luminescent Rain①Storms in Lorwyn don't patter on village rooftops, but rather drench the clachan in rays of amber light.
Luminesce①"The White Shield is not the burnished metal you lash to your forearm but the conviction that burns in your chest."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Luminous Angel①"The spread of evil's destruction shall always be matched by the rise of the noble fallen."
Luminous Bonds①"Article 5.8.2. Ensure proper restraint of any and all arms, legs, claws, jaws, tails, tentacles, and tendrils as appropriate."↵-*Azorius Arrester Procedure*, Appendix B
Luminous Bonds①"Your part in this fight is done, vampire. Get used to your thirst."
Luminous Broodmoth①It soars through currents of moonbeams to give hope to the forsaken.
Luminous Guardian①"There is no victory without virtue."
Luminous Wake①"If destiny's champions have arisen to fight the Ancient Ones, then let me, too, do my part."↵-Ravuel of Graypelt
Lumithread Field①Having conquered the Bastion of Suns, the Ota took its light for their own.
Lunar Force①"Moonlight offers sublime warmth that brings me a comfort sunlight cannot provide."
Lunar Frenzy①In the adrenaline-fueled chaos, she hadn't even felt the bite.
Lunar Mystic①"I'm pleased this world has learned the moon affects more than the tides."↵-Tamiyo, the Moon Sage
Lunarch Inquisitors①"We come bearing the tools of confession and absolution."
Lunarch Mantle①"A boon from the angels should never be cast aside."↵-Manfried Ulmach, Chief Inquisitor
Lunarch Veteran①"Even in our darkest times, Avacyn's light still guides us."
Lunge①Cho-Arrim righteousness was no match for Benalish combat training.
Lunk Errant①"One's plenty," observed the merrow. "Way too plenty," agreed the boggart.
Lupine Prototype①"Ludevic saw it in a dream and set to work immediately, every detail already known. Can such genius be taught?"↵-Stitcher Geralf
Lurching Rotbeast①The dead that swept across Naktamun came in all shapes and sizes.
Lurebound Scarecrow①It's a fool's race to run if all is lost if it be won.
Lure①"When setting a snare, success depends not on the quality of the trap, but the quality of the bait."↵-Geyadrone Dihada
Lure①"When the forest wants something, no mortal mind can resist her."↵-Maro
Lure①Deepwood's reach is not long, so it invites its enemies in.
Lure①Her true theft was to steal the soldiers away from their posts.
Lure①It makes the insignificant conspicuous, the repulsive alluring, and the deadly irresistible.
Lure①Jukai Forest was known for its secrets, which drew in many wayfarers and wizards. But it was those same secrets that kept most of those seekers from ever being heard from again.
Lure①When setting a snare, success depends not on the quality of the trap, but the quality of the bait.
Lurker①"Each night we felt it watching us from the darkness beyond our fire. We only had one pack horse left."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Lurking Arynx①Once it has your scent, it will hunt you from the Gurmag Swamp to Ayagor.
Lurking Chupacabra①"Shadow birthed it. The moon gave it eyes, and the jungle gave it teeth. But it was Death that taught it cruelty."↵-Huatli
Lurking Crocodile①"Preying on unsuspecting goobers, this crocodile is the only foe to ever best me in a knife fight."↵-Crocodile Jackson, legendary cowboy
Lurking Deadeye①"There's no roar so mighty that it can't be silenced."
Lurking Evil①"Ash is our air, darkness our flesh."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Lurking Evil①"Ash is our air, darkness our flesh."↵-Phyrexian Scriptures
Lurking Green Dragon①"Territorial. Scary. No further notes."↵-Volo's field notes
Lurking Informant①In the undercity, forgetfulness is often encouraged at the point of a blade.
Lurking Jackals①Often it's not the hunter or the hunted but the opportunist who thrives in Rath.
Lurking Nightstalker①The shadows know.
Lurking Predators①All are prey to the eyes of the wild.
Lurking Roper①"You see, stalac-*tites* grow down from the ceiling, while stalag-*mites* reach-AAHHHHHHHHH-"
Lurking Skirge①They never miss a funeral.
Lush Growth①Naya's bounty spills over upon itself. Each leaf and flower struggles against the next with thrashing thorns, acidic pollen, and strangling roots.
Lux Cannon①There are few problems that can't be solved by putting a hole in the world.
Luxa River Shrine①Without the God-Pharaoh, there would be no Luxa. Without the Luxa, there would be no life.
Luxurious Libation①"Crisp, flavorful, and energizing. Perhaps the most elegant offering of Halo in Park Heights. Five stars."↵-Conzuelo, restaurant critic
Luxury Suite①In opulent chambers behind closed doors, dynasties are made and broken but with a few murmured words.
Luxury Suite①The view is rivaled only by the decadence of the decor.
Lychguard①"Only the deathless can truly comprehend the burden of unfailing loyalty."↵-Vargard Obyron of the Sautekh Dynasty
Lyev Decree①The Azorius have so many codes and statutes that you're always in violation of one of them.
Lymph Sliver①Its skin remains in a flowing, liquid state that keeps its body coated with potent restorative lymph.
Lyna①One of the few Soltari who can cross the shadow barrier, Lyna serves as an emissary to the outside world. A quick thinker and convincing speaker, she does whatever she can to lead her people out of the shadows and into substance.
Lynx①Rarely seen, hardly heard, never caught.
Lyra Dawnbringer①"You are not alone. You never were."
Lys Alana Huntmaster①From the highest tiers of Dawn's Light Palace to the deepest shade of Wren's Run, the silver notes of the horn shimmer through the air, and all who hear it feel its pull.
Lys Alana Scarblade①In beauty-obsessed Lys Alana, one cut of her blade means the difference between a high society feast and raking through the dungheap for scraps.
Lyzolda, the Blood Witch①Sacrificial rites take place before an audience of cheering cultists, each begging to be the next on stage.
M'Odo, the Gnarled Oracle①Those with vision always have a path.
Maalfeld Twins①"Who am I to break up a family?"↵-Gisa the Mad
Macabre Mockery①The Rakdos put the "fun" in "funeral."
Macabre Waltz①"All dead move to the hollow rhythm of necromancy."↵-Savra
Macabre Waltz①Liliana is never one to follow someone else's lead.
Macetail Hystrodon①The goblins tracked the hystrodon with much stealth and cunning. Then they were eaten with much pain and yelling.
Machinate①As long as there are questions to be asked, the vedalken will ask them.
Mad Auntie①One part cunning, one part wise, and many, many parts demented.
Mad Dog①The bones it buries may be yours.
Mad Prophet①"I have seen it. Seen the end, seen the beginning, the beginning of the end. Not death, no, no. Transcendence!"
Mad Prophet①"There's no heron in the moon! It's a shrew, a five-legged shrew, with a voice like whispering thunder!"
Mad Ratter①"Gather round and tell me all from the courts and castles."
Mad Science Fair Project①"When it comes down to it, science is more art than science."
Madcap Skills①The larger the crowd, the harder it is for them to run away.
Maddening Cacophony①Jace traced Nahiri to the Singing City, but the magic of the ancient ruins threatened to overwhelm his mind.
Maddening Hex①Much more painful than mere regret.
Maddening Wind①"It is Freyalise, walking on the world."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Madrush Cyclops①Death comes in the blink of an eye.
Maelstrom Archangel①There is no world where angels fear to tread.
Maelstrom Colossus①"Nothing of the Maelstrom is quiet or easy."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Maelstrom Muse①She's an inspiration to everyone, even herself.
Maelstrom Pulse①During the collision of the shards, entire ways of life disappeared without a trace.
Maestros Diabolist①"Where did I find my horned friend? Now there's a story worth telling. . . ."
Maestros Initiate①"How far are you willing to go for your family, cleanblade?"↵-Lord Xander
Maestros Theater①Only extraordinary performers are invited to grace the grandest stage in New Capenna.
Maeve, Insidious Singer①Her haunting tune drowns out the percussion of snapping masts.
Mage Duel①"Remember the rules. No spells to the face!"
Mage Hunters' Onslaught①Extus stood before his alma mater for a moment, remembering first his studies, then his vengeance. At his command, the mage hunters unfolded.
Mage Hunter①One of the Oriq's most powerful tools is the mage hunter, a vile monstrosity created to seek out and snuff out the arcane.
Mage Slayer①"When the wielder is strong enough, any sword will do."↵-Kresh the Bloodbraided
Mage il-Vec①Living below a flowstone foundry produces a disproportionate number of fire mages among the *il*.
Mage il-Vec①Living below a flowstone foundry produces a disproportionate number of fire mages among the il.
Mage's Attendant①Crime sometimes makes unlikely allies into lifelong friends.
Mage's Guile①"Next time, don't bother."
Mage-Ring Bully①"Don't be rude, Beleren. We just want to enjoy the view with you."
Magefire Wings①Giving a thing wings does not take away its fear of flight-or its fear of fire, for that matter.
Mageta the Lion①In the jungle of war there is always a Lion.
Mageta's Boon①When the Lion roars, his cubs grow stronger.↵-Kipamu saying
Magewright's Stone①The stones hark back to an age before civilization, when the living earth blessed all who trod its untamed wilds.
Maggot Carrier①"The mere sight of our undead allies sickens me. What unholy bargain have you struck?"↵-Grizzlegom, to Agnate
Maggot Carrier①"We do not suddenly fall on death, but advance towards it by slight degrees; we die every day."↵-Seneca, *Epistles*, trans. Gummere
Maggot Therapy①"If this is the cure, I'd hate to see the disease."↵-Orim
Magic Missile①A tried-and-true favorite of many wizards, whatever their school.
Magical Hacker①1|= y()u (4|\| r3@d 7#][5, y0|_| /\r3 @ IVI0/\/$⊕3|2 &33|<
Magister Sphinx①"These benighted worlds are thick with ignorance. I will educate them. They will listen, or they will die."
Magistrate's Veto①The magistrate had been the goblins' puppet for so long that he made the right decisions with little prompting.
Magma Giant①Its open mouth is a furnace blast that blisters the skin. Its smoking fists are meteors that split the earth.
Magma Hellion①The stadium is well-stocked with hazards to force the action if combatants show too much caution.
Magma Jet①Some Akroans make the dangerous pilgrimage to the volcanic temples of Purphoros, where oracles known as flamespeakers glean omens from lava.
Magma Mine①BOOM!
Magma Rift①"Lighting a fire needs kindling and heat. You be the kindling. I'll bring the heat."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Magma Sliver①As malleable as molten steel, but as dangerous as the finished blade.
Magma Spray①"Ashes can't be embalmed."↵-Neheb, initiate of Ahn crop
Magma Spray①"Jund is a wounded world. Beware its searing blood spilling out onto the surface."↵-Rakka Mar
Magma Spray①A stone hurled at an enemy is deadlier in liquid form.
Magma Spray①The ancient dragon Thraxes sleeps in Purphoros's sacred peak. When he stirs in dreams, so does the mountain.
Magma Vein①Standing near a volcano↵-Barbarian expression meaning "asking for it"
Magmaquake①"Where will you run when I punish you with the very ground you flee on?"↵-Nicol Bolas
Magmaroth①Sand into glass and flesh into ash-such are the markers of its domain.
Magmatic Chasm①"Our shamans assert their mastery over the land, thwarting the lesser clans' attempts to stand in the way of our dragonlord."↵-Allek, Atarka hunter
Magmatic Chasm①The Needle's Eye, a seldom-used passage that winds through Stensia's mountains, carries travelers close to Ashmouth-too close, some would argue.
Magmatic Force①"Granted, it's the pinnacle of utter destructiveness. So what would you call *two* of them?"↵-Riku of Two Reflections
Magmatic Force①It's the pinnacle of utter destructiveness.
Magmatic Insight①Chief among the tenets of Purphoros is that one must destroy in order to create.
Magmatic Sinkhole①Opening like the maw of a hellion, the earth swallowed the traveler whole.
Magmaw①"The purpose of existence is simple: everything is fuel for the magmaw."↵-Jaji, magmaw worshipper
Magnetic Flux①After the researcher's astonishing success, his assistants spent six hours finding a way to return the specimens safely to the ground.
Magnetic Theft①Among the Vulshok, the most prized blades are those that killed their original owners.
Magnifying Glass①Knight-Inquisitors of Saint Raban delve deep into mysteries best left unexplored.
Magnify①The seed torches' pollen gives off light, but the elves find it heightens their senses as well.
Magnigoth Sentry①When one of Yavimaya's enormous magnigoth trees awakens into a treefolk, it is a towering presence of physical strength and ancient wisdom.
Magus of the Abyss①He climbs a staircase of falling souls, fighting the continuous pull of the void.
Magus of the Arena①The magus still hears the roar of the crowds. They're gone, but the will to compete remains.
Magus of the Bazaar①"Some trade in goods, some in secrets. My soul has walked the futures, and I offer the rare coin of possibility."
Magus of the Bridge①"The dead know their place."
Magus of the Candelabra①"What would Urza think, I wonder, if he could hear how the nature mages still snarl at his name, but venerate the work of his apprentice?"↵-Teferi, to Jhoira
Magus of the Coffers①All that remains of the Cabal are the echoes in its deepest vault. Yet those who hear the echoes feel a power undiminished by the dust of ages.
Magus of the Disk①Studying the journals of the necromage Nevinyrral leaves disciples gripped with the urge to exercise his draconian judgment.
Magus of the Future①Those gifted with the sight have one eye in the present and the other in the future.
Magus of the Library①The ancient books slowly crumbled, their secrets turning to dust. But their every word sings within the magus's head.
Magus of the Mind①"I'll show you what you truly desire."
Magus of the Mirror①"Behold! The image of the enemy and all that she has. Trust your envy, and take it."
Magus of the Moat①"The spirits of the mythic ones ever circle their beloved keep, forbidding entry to all who come with the heavy tread of hate."
Magus of the Moon①Tidal forces of the blood moon wrench and buckle the land, drawing monoliths of stone and soil toward the flaming orb.
Magus of the Order①"Life for life. The cost is always the same."
Magus of the Tabernacle①The Tabernacle's disciples channel the emanations from Pendrell Vale, spreading its paradoxical demand to be both worshipped and left alone.
Magus of the Vineyard①Battered and beaten by years of salt and claw, he never ceased to walk, and to seed. Only now, in this time of rebirth, do his seeds take root.
Magus of the Wheel①"Fate is not as fixed as you might think."
Magus of the Will①"These eyes have shown me the flaws of flesh."
Mahadi, Emporium Master①"Welcome to the Wandering Emporium. Feel free to browse the bazaar. We have everything a lost soul could want, need, or afford."
Mahamoti Djinn①Of royal blood among the spirits of the air, the Mahamoti Djinn rides on the wings of the winds. As dangerous in the gambling hall as he is in battle, he is a master of trickery and misdirection.
Mahamoti Djinn①Of royal blood among the spirits of the air, the Mahamoti djinn rides on the wings of the winds. As dangerous in the gambling hall as he is in battle, he is a master of trickery and misdirection.
Mahamoti Djinn①Of royal blood amongst the spirits of the air, the Mahamoti Djinn rides on the wings of the winds. As dangerous in the gambling hall as he is in battle, he is a master of trickery and misdirection.
Main Event Horizon①"Anna and Blaine said the ride was awesome. Yolanda and Zachary aren't back yet."
Maja, Bretagard Protector①"Our enemies have breached our realm. To survive, the clans must fight as one!"
Majestic Heliopterus①"Its rise is like the sun's, a beautiful beginning. Its descent is like the sun's, a frightful ending."↵-Huatli
Majestic Metamorphosis①New Capenna's statues hold Old Capenna's secrets.
Major Teroh①"I am the holy wind that shall avenge the Cabal's victims."
Make Mischief①A tidy desk is as good as an invitation.
Make Obsolete①Yesterday's marvels are today's antiques.
Make Your Mark①Those who do learn from history may still choose to repeat it.
Make Yourself Useful①"To think you've spent years honing your body only to die like this."
Make a Stand①For a moment they stood tall, all fear forgotten.
Make a Wish①In Gavony wishing is taken as a sign of weakness, yet the wells usually brim with silver.
Make a _____ Splash①The largest dunk tank in forty-seven galaxies.
Make an Example①As the Adversary's influence grew, the conflicts between families escalated.
Makeshift Battalion①Their ranks are thin, their formation is improvised, their weapons are borrowed, and you'd best get out of their way.
Makeshift Mannequin①"This vulgar mimicry will end now."↵-Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Makeshift Mauler①"It always amazes me what perfectly good things people throw away."↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Makeshift Munitions①"Grease up a firecannon good and proper with dinosaur-liver oil, and it'll shoot just about anything."
Makindi Aeronaut①"The Eldrazi have surprised us before. It's my job to make sure that never happens again."
Makindi Griffin①As the hedrons began to coalesce into colossal Eldrazi superstructures, the griffins were forced to seek new territory lest their aeries be crushed between the massive stone monoliths.
Makindi Mesas①"The ground is rumbling. Better hope it's just the Roil!"↵-Kreq of Sunder Bay
Makindi Ox①"May bloodflies empty your veins and turn you into a dried leather sack, cow!"↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Makindi Patrol①Working with his noble mount, he notices every form on the horizon, every scent in the air, every tremor in the earth.
Makindi Shieldmate①The more who rely on him, the more resolute he becomes.
Makindi Sliderunner①After a battle, it breaks the hillsides into manageable pieces to prepare for next time.
Makindi Stampede①"They say the wind carved out these canyon walls. But the floor was hammered flat by hooves."↵-Kreq of Sunder Bay
Malach of the Dawn①"The sun rises, but the world still feels dark. Pray for the arrival of the malachim-they'll bring Dawn to the world and to our hearts."↵-Sister Betje, *Miracles of the Saints*
Malachite Golem①Centuries before the first branches of the Tangle gave shelter from the suns' cold light, the shadows of golems were Mirrodin's only shade.
Malakir Blood-Priest①"From your veins to mine."
Malakir Cullblade①Each cut stains his blade with fresh blood that he samples to increase his strength.
Malakir Familiar①"They are deadly, and they are loyal. We can spare them a little blood."↵-Harak, Malakir bloodwitch
Malakir Mire①"Getting into Malakir isn't difficult. It's getting out that's the hard part."↵-Doros, expedition guide
Malakir Rebirth①"Those who fail to escape Malakir become part of the city's defense."↵-Doros, expedition guide
Malakir Soothsayer①"Your blood whispers secrets your mind could never comprehend."
Malevolent Awakening①The most popular pit fighters are brought back for encore performances.
Malevolent Noble①He has slain a dozen witches, luring each with a promise of fresh children's bones.
Malfegor①A demon cannot be trusted, and a dragon will not be ruled.
Malfunction①"They don't make them like they used to."
Malicious Advice①"Rule through fear, Darigaaz. Only if the dragons feel terror will they truly be your servants."↵-Tevesh Szat
Malicious Affliction①"Such an affliction appears to seek out the pure."↵-Byro, plague doctor
Malicious Intent①As peace returned to Thraben, some cathars made the mistake of letting down their guard.
Malicious Invader①"Aren't you going to offer me a drink?"
Malicious Invader①Van Helsing raised his lantern and drew the slide; by the concentrated light that fell on Lucy's face we could see that the lips were crimson with fresh blood.
Malicious Malfunction①"That? A minor test, nothing more. Incompleat flesh is weak."↵-Jin-Gitaxias
Malignus①It descended on Estwald like a sudden storm. Moments later, only ashes and agony remained.
Mammoth Growth①Thus the longhall became a flathall.
Mammoth Spider①"If a careless elf ends up caught in a spider's web, we must expect nature to take its course. Do not blame the spider for being a spider."↵-Dellin Berting, Tolarian entomologist
Mammoth Spider①"The good news is that the migrating drakes are no longer a problem."↵-Bell Migellic, Azorius hussar
Mammoth Spider①Most spiders of Llanowar disdain elvish alliances. No elf has as many beautiful eyes or as many strong arms.
Man of Measure①You need to be this tall to play this card.
Man-o'-War①"Beauty to the eye does not always translate to the touch."↵-Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Man-o'-War①"Beauty to the eye does not always translate to the touch."↵-Naimah, Femeref philospher
Man-o'-War①Beauty to the eye does not always translate to the touch.
Mana Breach①The mana that binds the world together can also tear it apart.
Mana Breach①The wizard had it all-until she tried to use it.
Mana Cannons①"I hate the smell of charred Phyrexian, but it sure beats the alternative!"↵-Jaya
Mana Chains①"The Lord of the Wastes must be destroyed; I am bound to this destiny by the chains of fate. If only Gerrard would see his part."↵-Sisay, journal
Mana Confluence①"Ravnica is not its buildings or markets, or even its guilds. Ravnica is its people. As long as we're here, we can rebuild the rest."↵-Teysa Karlov
Mana Confluence①Better places poured prismatic dreams into the world, rendering it anew.
Mana Confluence①Five rivers encircle Theros, flowing with waters more ancient than the world itself.
Mana Crypt①An utterly silent chamber, submitted by an artificer who wished to remain anonymous.
Mana Crypt①At first they thought the vault was empty. Then the walls began to glow.
Mana Cylix①Overflowing with visions of the possible future, it lends power to those in the present.
Mana Cylix①Those who dismiss the cylix as an ordinary wooden bowl are blind to the true measure of its worth.
Mana Drain①"I suppose you've never heard of conservation of energy."
Mana Drain①"Power is wasted on the weak. They never keep it for long."↵-Nicol Bolas
Mana Drain①Enthusiasm is no match for preparation.
Mana Echoes①When the ground is saturated with mana, even the lightest footstep can bring it to the surface.
Mana Flair①What began as black↵Has slowly shifted to red.↵Fickle color pie.
Mana Geode①"I don't care if it's an all-powerful relic or a street vendor's lucky charm. If it brings you courage, wear it."↵-Saheeli Rai
Mana Geyser①The Quicksilver Sea hissed and bubbled at the indignity. The Vulshok shaman just smiled.
Mana Leak①"If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts."↵-Sir Francis Bacon,↵*The Advancement of Learning*
Mana Leak①"The fatal flaw in every plan is the assumption that you know more than your enemy."↵-Volrath
Mana Leak①The fatal flaw in every plan is the assumption that you know more than your enemy.
Mana Maze①"Those who know only one path to victory can never hope to triumph."↵-The Blind Seer
Mana Reflection①Despite its darkness, Shadowmoor doesn't want for growth. Legions of creeping things thrive in the shade.
Mana Reflection①The greatest wonders of nature are found in the smallest saplings straining toward the canopy.
Mana Screw①There was no darker or more evil creation in all the multiverse than that of the mana screw.
Mana Seism①"It is the nature of humanity not to worry about tomorrow, especially when there's a good chance they won't live to see the end of today."↵-Kiku, Night's Flower
Mana Severance①"And when this land is wasted, where will we go?"↵-Thalakos lament
Mana Short①"Remove their power, and their will to fight will follow."↵-Tolarian wizard
Mana Skimmer①They traverse the mana-starved wastes in search of richer lands.
Mana Tithe①"The tyrant's bellow of rage trailed off into a whimper as the last of his fortune escaped his grasp."↵-*The Dethroner's Grimoire*
Mana Tithe①"Those who seek to upset the balance must be taxed for such ambitions."↵-Verithain, mesa high priest
Mana Vapors①The scent of magic can rob you of your senses, blinding you to the world.
Manabarbs①"I don't know why people say a double-edged sword is bad. It's a sword. With two edges."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Manaforce Mace①As the shards merged, relics once thought mundane regained forgotten powers.
Manaforge Cinder①Cinder mystics set traps for sluaghs and other spirits of flame, seeking to extract the secrets of the fire their own hearts have lost.
Managorger Hydra①"Whoever said two heads are better than one never met a hydra before."↵-Crocodile Jackson, legendary cowboy
Manakin①"Each night, the artificer tucked the little doll into a locked drawer. Each morning, she awoke to find it waiting beside her with some new bauble."↵-"The Artificer's Apprentice"
Manakin①Hanna regarded Squee sternly. "Because it's *not* a toy, no matter how much it may look like one," she said, taking the manakin from him.
Manalith①"Though the afterlife, the city, and even the God-Pharaoh himself were one great deception, the ideals championed by the gods remain true."↵-Djeru, former Tah-crop initiate
Manalith①Planeswalkers seek out great monuments throughout the Multiverse, knowing that their builders were unknowingly drawn by the convergence of mana in the area.
Manalith①Planeswalkers seek out great monuments throughout the Multiverse, knowing that their builders were unwittingly drawn by the convergence of mana in the area.
Manamorphose①"Master the chaotic forces of nature, and you shall master magic."↵-Yare-Tiva, warden of Gramur forest
Manamorphose①For a moment, objects of pure mana glimmered in the wonderstruck boggart's hands. In the next moment, they were in his mouth, as he chewed contentedly.
Manaplasm①Urak froze when he heard it. That was his first mistake. He turned and cast a dramatic ward spell. That was his last.
Manaweft Sliver①"I see in their interconnectedness a strange embodiment of the natural order."↵-Dionus, elvish archdruid
Mandate of Abaddon①"I am the Arch-fiend, the Despoiler of Worlds, and by my hands shall the false Emperor fall."↵-Abaddon the Despoiler
Maned Serval①"Don't search the ruins of Orn during the day. Nethroi's many eyes will spot you instantly. Don't go at night either. You'll be dinner for the servals. Maybe just don't go."↵-Rasai, Indatha hunter
Mangara of Corondor①"I have been brought to this place and I cannot leave. I may be free of the amber, but I am still in prison."
Manglehorn①"Rely too much on your weapons and watch your dreams shatter in your hands."↵-Rhonas, god of strength
Maniacal Rage①"Remember me?" Tahngarth roared. "Now I'll repay you for my stay on Rath!"
Maniacal Rage①"They tell us the wilds are ours, then they brick them over. They can lie to our faces but not to our fists."↵-Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Maniacal Rage①Only by sacrificing any semblance of defense could Gerrard best Greven.
Maniacal Rage①Rage is the culmination of an accelerating cycle of anger and violence that feeds itself in battle, spreading like a flame from one warrior to another.
Maniacal Rage①The spikes of sangrite made the goblin stronger, but they didn't make him any smarter.
Manic Vandal①It's fun. He doesn't need another reason.
Manifestation Sage①The first thing a Quandrix mage learns is the laws of metaphysics. The second thing is how to break them.
Manifold Key①"Finally! It was worth the price to never have to fiddle with lockpicks ever again."↵-Davvry Mineshadow, thief
Manifold Key①"Locks want to be opened, and treasure wants to be free."↵-Nayrex Slipfinger, master thief
Mannichi, the Fevered Dream①"Early in his reign, Konda fell ill. His head burned with fever, and he saw visions of his future. In them, he saw a spirit-child, and, in that child's eyes, a way to make his empire last forever."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Manor Gargoyle①Nothing could break it but the fall.
Manor Gate①A barrier that shields privileged eyes from the city's woes.
Manor Skeleton①Lungs dried to parchment wheeze blasphemies within a cage of bleached bone.
Manta Riders①"Water is firmament to the finned."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Manticore Eternal①While most Eternals were initiates who completed the trials, Bolas had plans for some of Amonkhet's other denizens.
Manticore of the Gauntlet①In the training ground known as the Gauntlet, initiates are pushed to practice more destructive techniques.
Mantis Engine①"It's a clever design. You should look closely at its gearing after it swallows your head."↵-Jhoira, master artificer
Mantis Engine①Tawnos left a legacy of animal designs in many of Urza's creations.
Mantis Rider①Mantis riders know their mounts owe them no allegiance. Even a mantis ridden for years would consume a rider who loses focus for only a moment.
Mantle of Webs①"Why does everything the Golgari touch end up sticky?"↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Mantle of the Wolf①"Be fearless, for a furious rebirth awaits you."↵-Nylea, god of the hunt
Maraleaf Pixie①Neither hostile nor friendly, pixies flit through the forest seeking the treasures of the wilds.
Maraleaf Rider①They both hunger for battle.
Maralen of the Mornsong①Maralen sent Veesa, Endry, and Iliona-the Vendilion clique-on the gravest of tasks.
Marang River Prowler①The currents of the Marang wash away both tracks and blood.
Marang River Skeleton①The gurgling of the Marang conceals both footsteps and screams.
Marauder's Axe①A sharp axe solves most problems.
Marauding Blight-Priest①"The vampires never had gods. We followed our bloodchiefs. Now they are gone. What is left? Destruction and death, my friends. That is enough."
Marauding Boneslasher①With the Hekma destroyed, the wandering dead that sought entrance to Naktamun had free rein to lay waste to the city.
Marauding Knight①"They ride our trails as if they were designed to," said the guard. "They were," replied Gerrard.
Marauding Looter①"I'll be taking that."
Marauding Maulhorn①"It's not just you. Everyone makes it angry."↵-Ardenoth, elvish nature advocate
Marauding Raptor①"Stand still and try not to look like prey!"↵-Skerk Hobnett, wilderness guide
Maraxus of Keld①"I have no master. I am chaos."↵-Maraxus of Keld
Maraxus①Too chaotic for even the other warlords of Keld, Maraxus has devoted himself to serving as a hired killer for the sinister Volrath. A man fond of his work, he's more than willing to put in those extra hours needed to perfect his craft.
Marble Chalice①The cup was a gift from the sphinx Tameron, who hoped that those who drank from it would live long enough to decrypt the sphinxes' wisdom.
Marble Diamond①Every facet a benediction of Lathander's light.
Marble Diamond①The essence of sunlight to brighten the way.
Marble Gargoyle①"Once past the stony exterior, the meat is exquisite and can be stuffed with thallids or simmered in a broth of manticore venom."↵-Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar↵*The Underworld Cookbook*
Marble Titan①"Strapping on nine hundred pounds of armor every morning would make any warrior cross."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Marble Titan①It entered the temple with all the pomp and decorum of a rock hitting a goblin's skull.
March from the Tomb①They came from all walks of life, from every part of Zendikar, and they returned with one unifying cause.
March of the Multitudes①"Our forces number more than the leaves of Vitu-Ghazi. Do not provoke us."
March of the Returned①The Returned have no memory of the Underworld or of their former lives. The golden masks they wear are the last gifts of the selves they left behind.
Marchesa's Decree①"Those who seize power must have the means to hold it."↵-Queen Marchesa
Marchesa's Emissary①"The Black Rose doesn't tolerate weeds."
Marchesa's Infiltrator①"Secrets, like coins, are easy to steal."
Marchesa's Smuggler①"Watch your head . . . and your back."
Marching Duodrone①"One-two! One-two! One-two! One-two!"
Mardu Banner①Speed to strike, fury to smash.
Mardu Blazebringer①"Make sure he's pointed in the right direction before you light him. And don't let the goblins anywhere near the torch."↵-Kerai Suddenblade, Mardu hordechief
Mardu Hateblade①"There may be little honor in my tactics, but there is no honor in losing."
Mardu Heart-Piercer①"Those who have never ridden before the wind do not know the true joy of war."
Mardu Hordechief①The horde grows with each assault.
Mardu Roughrider①The most ferocious saddlebrutes lead the assault, ramming through massed pikes and stout barricades as if they were paper and silk.
Mardu Scout①The Mardu all enjoy war, but only the goblins make a game of it.
Mardu Warshrieker①"No body can contain so much fury. It reminds me of another battle, long past."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Mardu Woe-Reaper①"Those who died in battle deserve their rest."
Marhault Elsdragon①Marhault Elsdragon follows a strict philosophy, never letting emotions cloud his thoughts. No chance observer could imagine the rage in his heart.
Marhault Elsdragon①Marhault follows a strict philosophy, never letting emotions cloud his thoughts. No chance observer could imagine the rage in his heart.
Marisi's Twinclaws①"Looks like we're completely outnumbered."↵"Lucky for us. I thought we'd be bored."
Marisi, Breaker of the Coil①"Cast off the law! Awaken your rage!"
Maritime Guard①Once common in the Kapsho Seas, merfolk were hunted almost to extinction. They survived those dark days and emerged calculating and determined to endure.
Maritime Guard①To stand as a guardian of the sea, one must possess the resolve of a mounting wave.
Mark for Death①Everyone roots for the little guy, but nobody bets on him.
Mark of Asylum①A paragon of honor, Galo Aher fell to a blast of fire. The Order of the White Orchid was so saddened that they forged a new sigil in his likeness.
Mark of Eviction①Tharashk the Bold suddenly wasn't himself. Or anyone else, for that matter.
Mark of Fury①Many Keldon warriors bear the mark of intentional insanity.
Mark of Mutiny①The flame of anger is hard to douse once lit.
Mark of the Oni①"As more oni walked Kamigawa, more darkness infested its inhabitants' souls."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Mark of the Vampire①"My 'condition' is a trial. The weak are consumed by it. The strong transcend it."↵-Sorin Markov
Mark of the Vampire①"Through your sacrifice of self, you become holy. Through your strength, all will be saved."↵-From the Rite of Redemption
Marked by Honor①Stand your post for duty. Stand your ground for honor.
Marker Beetles①In case of emergency, crush bug.
Market Festival①Commerce is always the basis for peace.
Markov Blademaster①"Mortals practice swordplay for a few decades at best. How can they ever attain the exquisite mastery that eternity has to offer?"
Markov Crusader①The surviving members of the Markov bloodline drove through a crush of horrors to reclaim their ancestral home.
Markov Dreadknight①The destruction of Markov Manor made the surviving members of the bloodline more dangerous.
Markov Patrician①Vampires of the Markov bloodline pride themselves on their exquisite taste in fashion, art, and "wine of the vein."
Markov Purifier①The ceremonial "incense" was a concoction of Edgar's own design, a precise blend of blood from his favorite human lineages.
Markov Waltzer①"I'll lead."
Markov Warlord①"What use is a stake or holy symbol in the hands of a coward?"
Markov's Servant①". . . and for that I shall be eternally grateful."
Maro①No two see the same Maro.
Marrow Bats①"No matter how far we push into Stensia, undeath will always remain in these lands."↵-Terhold, archmage of Drunau
Marrow Shards①"We are a single entity. Dissenters must be sutured into the Orthodoxy."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Marrow-Gnawer①A sumptuous feast with friends starts the new year off on a good paw.
Marrow-Gnawer①Marrow-Gnawer united three nezumi gangs when he slew their leaders in a single night. Now they call him their first lord.
Marsh Boa①Though a powerful constrictor, it prefers simply to drown its prey.
Marsh Gas①"Comes right outta th' ground. If ya can smell it, it's too late."↵-Keevy Bogsbury
Marsh Goblins①Even the other Goblin races shun the Marsh Goblins, thanks to certain unwholesome customs they practice.
Marsh Hulk①Now vengeance is his sole purpose.
Marsh Lurker①From the mists it rises, into the mists it retreats; through the mists it walks, fearless and unseen.
Marsh Threader①"Give me a sturdy rope over the advice of any so-called expert. I can thread the dark wilds better than anyone."
Marsh Viper①"All we had left were their black and bloated bodies." -Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Marsh Viper①"And the seraphs sob at vermin fangs In human gore imbued."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "The Conqueror Wurm"
Marshdrinker Giant①When giants rise from their long slumbers, they rarely remember how fragile the waking world can be.
Marshland Bloodcaster①Blood magic is more artery than science.
Marshmist Titan①A favorite of Erebos, for it has sent many to the Underworld.
Martial Coup①"It is their duty to fight and die so that Humanity might be preserved."↵-Lord Commissar Barron Reed
Martial Coup①Their war forgotten, the nations of Bant stood united in the face of a common threat.
Martial Glory①"Yes, Boros tactics are unparalleled. But when your comrades are dying around you, inner strength must carry the day."↵-Gideon Jura, to Aurelia
Martial Law①"The good of society matters much more than the inconvenience of a few."↵-Agmand Sarv, Azorius hussar
Martyr for the Cause①"If I am to die in service, there is no more worthy fight than this."
Martyr of Ashes①She turns ash into flame and burns enemies to ash.
Martyr of Bones①Puppeteered by Heidar's icy hand, they were sacrificed to the Frost Marsh to raise Haakon's army.
Martyr of Dusk①"Should I fall, take up our standard and carry on. The Legion must always prevail."
Martyr of Frost①"Do not call the Balduvians barbaric. Their magic is as potent as it is primal."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Martyr of Sands①"Only in our vulnerability is there true power, and that power is life itself."
Martyr of Spores①"Weep not for me. I will rise with the spring's new growth."
Martyr's Bond①"One life at a time. That is how the world will be saved."
Martyr's Bond①"Our lives are connected by divine law. The truth of this will be made evident in time."↵-Zedruu the Greathearted
Martyr's Cause①Dying is a soldier's talent.
Martyr's Cry①"It is only fitting that one such as I should die in pursuit of knowledge." -Vervamon the Elder
Martyr's Cry①"It is only fitting that one such as I should die in pursuit of knowledge."↵-Vervamon the Elder
Martyrdom①"Martyrs are cheaper than mercenaries, and a far better investment."↵-General Varchild
Martyrdom①"The only true immortality is in dying for a cause."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Martyred Rusalka①Rakdos cultists hanged her for sport in the township square. Her ghost now stands vigil at what has become known as the Tree of Weeping.
Martyrs' Tomb①Honor the brave who fought,↵Honor the dead who fell,↵Honor the world they saved.↵-Memorial inscription
Marwyn, the Nurturer①Midwife to mothers and leader to all.
Masako the Humorless①Konda's servants dared not neglect their duties for a moment under Masako's icy gaze, knowing that what she saw, Lord Konda would hear.
Mascot Exhibition①"Don't just win the game. Win the crowd."↵-Moriana, Mage Tower coach
Mascot Interception①Far from the trappings of royalty, Rowan and Will found inspiration from the most popular sport on campus, Mage Tower.
Mask of Avacyn①It hides the face and protects the soul.
Mask of Griselbrand①The legacy of evil lives on.
Mask of Law and Grace①The archangels zealously drove Serra's light into every corner of their new home as if their creator still commanded them.
Masked Admirers①"Beauty determines value, and we determine beauty."
Masked Blackguard①Her footsteps are whispers, her passage a last breath.
Masquerade①Round and round the the dance we go... when we stop, my face I'll show
Mass Appeal①"We have emerged triumphant from the darkness. Let our hard-won wisdom guide us to prosperity."
Mass Calcify①The dead serve as their own tombstones.
Mass Diminish①Transformed from brute to cute.
Mass Hysteria①The sooner you see the whites of their eyes, the sooner you'll spill the red of their blood.
Mass Manipulation①Those who cross the Dimir find enemies everywhere they turn.
Mass Mutiny①"What say you, my most trusted advisors? . . . Advisors?"↵-Edra, merfolk sovereign
Mass Mutiny①"You too, Squib?"
Mass of Ghouls①"An army has filled the valley, but it's not like any army I've ever seen. There are no tents, no fires, no horses . . . just a sea of bodies, writhing and moaning, as if a pestilent village were sent to invade us."↵-Onean scout
Massive Might①"Run! It's coming for us! Eventually!"↵-Yaster, Havengul shopkeeper
Massive Raid①"The Boros lack vision. Give them a convenient scapegoat and they'll be blind to the true threats."↵-Lazav
Master Apothecary①It takes a remarkable cleric to turn a group of healers into a hospital.
Master Biomancer①"Nature is a wonderful engineer but works far too slowly for my tastes."
Master Chef①You never thought "rations" was an appropriate term for the feasts you prepare for your party.
Master Decoy①"A skilled decoy can throw your enemies off your trail. A master decoy can survive to do it again."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Master Decoy①"A skilled decoy can throw your enemies off your trail. A master decoy can survive to do it again."↵-Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Master Decoy①A skilled decoy can throw your enemies off your trail. A master decoy can survive to do it again.
Master Healer①Behind his eyes is the pain of every soldier his hands have healed.
Master Healer①Her heart holds the pain of every soldier she's ever healed.
Master Skald①"All my scars have stories to tell."
Master Splicer①Phyrexian artificers remove the flesh they no longer need and use it to bring their unholy creations to a greater semblance of life.
Master Splicer①With Phyrexia's victory at hand, each sect began perfecting its vision.
Master Symmetrist①Tondo lost his very first duel and has spent his entire life trying to get even.
Master Thief①Possession is ten-tenths of the law.
Master Transmuter①"Wasted potential surrounds us. Lend me that bauble, and let me see what it can be made to be."
Master Trinketeer①"Let us never forget the joy that lies at the heart of invention."
Master of Arms①"Being the best usually means proving it to everyone."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Master of Death①Coming back from the dead, like most things, gets easier with practice.
Master of Diversion①Choose your battles carefully. For example, avoid the big guy.
Master of Etherium①"Only a mind unfettered with the concerns of the flesh can see the world as it truly is."
Master of Predicaments①Designed by David Sirlin
Master of the Feast①Any pleasure, when taken to excess, becomes torment. It's a formula that demons have perfected.
Master of the Pearl Trident①"Let the land dwellers know the coast is no longer the border between our realms. A new age of empire has begun."
Master the Way①"The Way has no beginning and no end. It is simply the path."↵-Narset, khan of the Jeskai
Master's Call①The need to obey was inscribed on every plate in their bodies.
Master's Rebuke①"You have always been a promising student, but your arrogance far outstrips your prowess."
Mastermind's Acquisition①Another piece of a nefarious puzzle.
Masterpiece①This is the best candelabra I've ever seen
Masterwork of Ingenuity①"The crucible yields what you have forged in your mind. You need only reach in and draw the masterwork forth."↵-Wahara, Keeper of the Crucible
Masumaro, First to Live①"In the waning moments of war, humanity's most ancient ancestors return. But whose side shall they make their own?"↵-Isao, Enlightened Bushi
Matca Rioters①When outsiders interrupted the matca championship, things got ugly.
Mathas, Fiend Seeker①"All will know of your crimes."
Matopi Golem①Some potmakers claim to use the mud of such creatures to make their finest bowls-and that the bowls scream when fired.
Matter Reshaper①Its powers are simple-mind over matter. Or rather, an immeasurable mind disassembling and reconfiguring matter.
Maulfist Doorbuster①"Knock, knock . . . too late."
Maulfist Squad①"Nice invention there. Looks real fragile."
Mausoleum Guard①"Ghoulcallers trying to get in, geists trying to get out . . . . This duty is never dull."
Mausoleum Turnkey①When he reaches for his key ring, you should be running for the exit.
Mavren Fein, Dusk Apostle①In the rapture of his Blood Fast, he destroyed the navigator's tools and steered the ship to shore by faith alone.
Maw of Kozilek①"The Eldrazi make worse than ruins-they make a world where not even ruins stand."↵-Gideon Jura
Maw of the Mire①As the chapel was dragged under, the bell in the tower rang until the murky depths forever silenced its toll.
Maw of the Obzedat①The devout sacrifice themselves to it hoping for escape from their debts to the guild, but many end up owing in the afterlife.
Mawcor①From its maw comes neither word nor whisper-only wind.
Mawcor①Neither head holds a brain-that's located somewhere in the chest-but four eyes aim much better than two.
May Civilization Collapse①"This should halt the spread of your insolence."
Mayael the Anima①The sacred Anima's eyes are blind to all but the grandest truths.
Mayhem Devil①Despite their stake in the city's survival, Rakdos cultists are loath to pass up any opportunity to sow chaos.
Mayor of Avabruck①He can deny his true nature for only so long.
Maze Behemoth①It returned to the leylines as quickly as it had appeared, leaving only broken bodies to mark its passage.
Maze Glider①The pattern of the Implicit Maze extends in more than two dimensions.
Maze Rusher①"The maze seems to fight us at every turn, resisting our efforts to solve it."↵-Niv-Mizzet
Maze Sentinel①The route has been known for millennia, but only by those with no means to tell it.
Maze of Ith①2020 Legacy Champion
Mazirek, Kraul Death Priest①The clicks and buzz of the undercity proclaim him the incarnation of decay.
Meandering River①"Everywhere you look, this world is healing from its wounds. Aren't you ready to do the same?"↵-Jhoira, to Teferi
Meandering River①Clouds and mists cover the lake as though it were a dreamland. When the wind rises, the mists disperse, opening great vistas of rippling reeds.
Meandering River①The river split into many channels as it flowed to the Halimar Sea. Few travelers could follow the same one twice.
Meandering Towershell①The wait is proportional to the weight.
Mechanized Production①"Give me eight walkers, I'll give you the city."↵-Dovin Baan
Meddle①"Shadimir was as surprised as he was relieved when the blow turned aside."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Meddle①Strength may win the fight, but style wins the crowd.
Meddling Kids①These kids know their four-letter words.
Meddling Mage①"Some defy the laws of nature. I dare nature to defy me."
Meddling Mage①"This violent wasteland is an indictment of its people. These cowards lack the will to oppose disorder."
Meddling Mage①Meddling mages chant so loudly that no one can get a spell in edgewise.
Medicine Bag①"My medicine bag and I have treated countless wounds and illnesses. But never have I seen so many made so sick for so long. We will *never* eat Squee's cooking again."↵-Orim, journal
Medicine Runner①Elvish healers carry vials of the balm known as dawnglow, reserving it for those wounds that herbs cannot treat.
Meditate①"Part of me believes that Barrin taught me meditation simply to shut me up."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Meditation Puzzle①Find your center, and you will find your way.
Meekstone①"When it oscillated above a particular frequency, the stone induced acute listlessness in several researchers."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Meekstone①The bigger they are, the stronger its pull.
Meekstone①When the mighty sleep, the lowly prowl.
Meeting of the Five①For years, the five families ruled New Capenna in uneasy peace, and the city prospered.
Megantic Sliver①Even the thrums, the lowliest of slivers, become deadly in its presence.
Megatog①In an ironic bit of evolution, the megatog's dozens of teeth are mainly ornamental. It prefers swallowing things whole.
Meglonoth①When the shards merged, Mayael found herself the general of Naya's mightiest army.
Megrim①"It's a vicious circle. Stress breeds pain. Pain breeds stress. It's simply beautiful, wouldn't you agree?"↵-Vradeen, vampire nocturnus
Megrim①"Pain is both a tool and a craft. Like any tool, it must be sharpened. Like any craft, it must be practiced."↵-Hooks, Cabal torturer
Megrim①"You can run from your pain, but you will tire before it does."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Megrim①"You can run from your pain," explained Gerrard to Crovax, "but take it from experience: you will tire before it does."
Megrim①Memories cut from the mind can cut right back.
Meishin, the Mind Cage①It's dangerous indeed to be lost in someone else's thoughts.
Melesse Spirit①Like a laughing knife, immaculate and sharp, is the Melesse.
Meletis Charlatan①"Every object has an echo in the Æther beyond the world. Every idea has a shadow that can be brought to light."
Melira's Keepers①Her warriors are the last defense against the coming storm.
Melira, Sylvok Outcast①Once a pariah, now Mirrodin's greatest hope.
Meloku the Clouded Mirror①He loved his cities in the clouds. When he traveled to the lands below, he brought many reminders of his home.
Melt Terrain①Just as the most finely wrought metal can warp and rust, so too does Mirrodin buckle under pressures from without and within.
Meltdown①Catastrophes happened so often at the mana rig that the viashino language had a special word to describe them.
Melting①"Who needs the sun when you've got me around?"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Memnarch①"An imperfection in the perfect world? We can't allow that."
Memnarch①In the blur between metal and flesh, Memnarch found madness.
Memnite①Reminders of Memnarch's reign still skirr across Mirrodin, reminiscent of his form if not his power.
Memoricide①"You claim wisdom, yet I see nothing in here but tawdry wishes."
Memory Crystal①Hues of recollection flicker like facets of a gem.
Memory Drain①Alythos sat and stared blankly out over the glassy oceans of Nerono, trying in vain to remember what he knew he had forgotten.
Memory Erosion①"The Filigree Texts do not compel you to act in accordance with their precepts. They only specify the consequences should you fail."↵-Lodus of the Ethersworn
Memory Lapse①"Eri phar phesta . . . um, phistor . . . er, phistara . . ."
Memory Lapse①"Eri phar phesta … um, phistor … er, phistara …"
Memory Lapse①"Oh, I had a conscience once. But alas, I seem to have forgotten where I put it."↵-Chandler
Memory Lapse①"The caliph was so intelligent he could not remember what he knew."↵-Azeworai, "Three Riddles"
Memory Lapse①"To sculpt a mind is to see every memory and thought as an individual piece that can be rearranged-or removed."↵-Jace Beleren
Memory Lapse①"Um . . . oh . . . what was I saying?"↵-Reveka, Wizard Savant
Memory Lapse①"Um . . . oh . . . what was I saying?"↵-Reveka, wizard savant
Memory Lapse①"Um … oh … what was I saying?"↵-Reveka, Wizard Savant
Memory Lapse①"Um...oh...what was I saying?"↵-Reveka, wizard savant
Memory Lapse①"Where do our forgotten thoughts go? I knew once, but I can't remember."↵-Director Taiva, journal entry
Memory Lapse①What a lonely agony, the memory of memories lost.
Memory Leak①"By halves does youth depart. I remember halves of names, halves of years, halves of myself."↵-Ogaro, wandering sage
Memory Plunder①"Vengeance is the echo of the victim's own crime."↵-Grensch, merrow cutthroat
Memory Theft①In the wilds, the ravens steal far more than baubles.
Memory of Toshiro①"Some called him the hero of the Kami War, others a selfish thief. As ever, the truth is hidden somewhere in between."↵-Reki, founder of the Living Historians
Menagerie Liberator①"The wild are neither your thralls nor your amusement."
Mending Hands①"I can staunch their blood, mend their flesh, and knit their bones. But I cannot restore their hope."↵-Tender-Hand, kitsune healer
Mending Touch①"The gift of life must be freely given. Anything less would diminish us all."↵-Arin, Selesnya healer
Meng Huo's Horde①Through his allies, Meng Huo commanded several hundred thousand troops composed of cavalry, rattan-armored warriors, infantry, naked men with swords, and wild animals.
Meng Huo, Barbarian King①The stubborn Meng Huo was captured and released by Kongming seven times before finally surrendering.
Mental Agony①"His mind is feeble. Feed him to the bats."
Mental Discipline①Barrin drowned his doubts about Urza's project by delving ever deeper into its details.
Mental Journey①"My wandering mind has always been an asset."
Mental Misstep①"Your first mistake was thinking I would let you live long enough to make a second."↵-Sarnvax, Gitaxian sective
Mental Note①Some minds are more open than others.
Mentor of the Meek①"In these halls there is no pass or fail. Your true test comes with the first full moon."
Mentor of the Meek①"Today's the last day you'll fear sewer crocs, Garg. Form now on, the sewer crocs will fear you."
Mentor's Guidance①Kasmina had encouraged the twins to apply. Strixhaven would test not only their magical potential, but also their character.
Mephitic Ooze①In Mephidross, refuse doesn't last long-it's all scavenged, reanimated, or consumed.
Mephitic Vapors①Ravnica's safest strongholds are often neither.
Mercadia's Downfall①With an explosion that shook the foundation of the city, the *Weatherlight* burst from the underground hangar.
Mercadian Atlas①One may as well chart the clouds as try to map Mercadia.
Mercenaries①"Blasted amateurs! Doesn't the queen think we can fight well enough on our own?"↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Mercenary Informer①The problem with rebels is that they so quickly reject authority.
Merchant Raiders①"Tell you what, you keep the rope."
Merchant Scroll①"There's no trade without trust."↵-Eron, the Relentless
Merchant Scroll①A rare find, suitable for the most discerning collector.
Merchant Scroll①Lat-Nam wizards trade knowledge on scrolls made of magic so they can better guard against thieves and spies.
Merchant of Secrets①To scrape out a living in Aphetto, wizards are reduced to selling rumors, lies, forgeries, or-if they get desperate enough-the truth.
Merchant of the Vale①"Buying old, worn out junk. Selling marvels of real value."
Merchant of the Vale①"Buying old, worn-out junk. Selling marvels of real value."
Merchant's Dockhand①"If you can build it, we can move it."↵-Bes Tavani, Bomat merchant
Merciless Eternal①"My work here is complete. The people have done everything required of them."↵-Nicol Bolas
Merciless Eviction①"I once saw the Obzedat moved to action. Since that day, I've been thankful that they're mainly lazy, and dead."↵-Aurelia, to Gideon Jura
Merciless Executioner①He enjoys his work, for he sees only the worst Abzan criminals: those who betray their own kin.
Merciless Javelineer①"My mind is the calm in the midst of the storm, and my javelin the lightning."
Merciless Predator①Before she just wanted to snatch your purse; now she'll take the whole arm.
Merciless Resolve①"You sought to anger me, Nahiri. Soon you will see how well you have succeeded."
Mercurial Chemister①What some see as "distracted" is really "fathoming the unfathomable."
Mercurial Geists①"Procedural misstep: provocation of geists for the purpose of yielding more energy can compromise containment units. Next action: clean up mess."↵-Laboratory notes
Mercurial Pretender①The king went off to find himself. Imagine his terror when he succeeded.
Mercurial Transformation①"For sun's sake, I just want a crab!"
Mercy Killing①"We will give you the peace you seek, though you may not yet know you seek it."
Merfolk Falconer①"For generations, we have bred and trained falcons for expeditions into Emeria. Now more sky ruins open themselves to those with the means to reach the heights!"
Merfolk Looter①In the depths of Rootwater, salvage and sewage differ only in texture.
Merfolk Looter①It belongs to the merfolk now.↵-Shipwreck prayer
Merfolk Looter①Merfolk don't always know what they're looking for, but they're certain once they find it.
Merfolk Looter①When you sink a lot of ships, it's easy to find sunken treasure.
Merfolk Mesmerist①"Don't you think if I saw a half-woman, half-fish with three glowing eyes, I'd have remembered?"↵-Drugo, town guard
Merfolk Mesmerist①www.MagicTheGathering.com
Merfolk Mistbinder①"The mist clothes us when we are bare, hides us when we are alone, and unites us when we are together."↵-Nirit of Pashona's band
Merfolk Observer①"The structure gets bigger every hour, with hedrons coalescing even deep under the surface. If I could only get inside . . . ."
Merfolk Raiders①"Turn your back for a second and they just vanish! As if they weren't shifty enough before."↵-Rhirhok, goblin archer
Merfolk Seastalkers①"Do they seek knowledge or wealth? Are they bandits or benefactors? It depends on who is chanting the tale."↵-Nikou, Joraga bard
Merfolk Secretkeeper①Merfolk curiosity usually has dire consequences, but rarely for the merfolk.
Merfolk Seer①The sea leaves no room for tears.↵-Zhalfirin adage
Merfolk Skyscout①"Emeria is a pleasant lie, a figment to hide Emrakul's hideous face. I can only hope to uncover a truth that lies deeper still."
Merfolk Sovereign①"Be like the sea: flow around that which is unmovable; for everything else, crash into it unrelentingly."
Merfolk Sovereign①"The sharks envy our ferocity. The eels envy our cunning."
Merfolk Sovereign①"We are not an empire, and I am not a queen. But I speak with the shout of the rivers and the whisper of the clinging mist."
Merfolk Thaumaturgist①"Blasted fishtails! It's not enough that they meddle with my head, but they twist my body as well."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Merfolk Traders①"As much as I hate water, I *do* love fish . . . ."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Merfolk Trickster①Saved from destruction by one planeswalker's sacrifice, the Eliterate colony forswore the taking of life.
Merfolk of the Depths①When giant sinkholes opened across Ravnica, they revealed buried oceans and the merfolk, once thought to be extinct.
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident①"The merfolk of the Pearl Trident have risen from the waves since the earliest days, at times allies to humans, other times enemies. Now their power is cresting again, and who can say which way the new tide will flow."↵-Kalis, Onean scholar
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident①"The paladins would be wise not to forget about the Pearl Trident. The merfolk warriors have turned the tide of more than one human war . . . and I have no doubt they shall do so again."↵-Onean scholar
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident①"The paladins would be wise not to forget about the Pearl Trident. The merfolk warriors have turned the tide of more than one human war … and I have no doubt they shall do so again."↵-Onean scholar
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident①Are merfolk humans with fins, or are humans merfolk with feet?
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident①Most human scholars believe that Merfolk are the survivors of sunken Atlantis, humans adapted to the water. Merfolk, however, believe that humans sprang forth from Merfolk who adapted themselves in order to explore their last frontier.
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident①Most human scholars believe that merfolk are the survivors of sunken Atlantis, humans adapted to the water. Merfolk, however, believe that humans sprang forth from merfolk who adapted themselves in order to explore their last frontier.
Meria's Outrider①Arrows fashioned from the living wood of Yavimaya carry all of the forest's rage in their fire-hardened points.
Meria, Scholar of Antiquity①"Why fear artifice? Is it not also of this world?"
Merrow Bonegnawer①Banished to the Dark Meanders for hideous crimes, some merrows find a taste for the darkness . . . and the dead.
Merrow Commerce①Schools meet and mingle on Lorwyn's riverways. In the bustling interplay, the merrow renew their sense of community as they sharpen their wits and hone their trading skills.
Merrow Grimeblotter①Grimeblotters spend so much time in the Dark Meanders that they're able to bring a piece with them wherever they go.
Merrow Levitator①He fancies himself a master thief, claiming to "steal the ground" from his victims.
Merrow Reejerey①Steady and silent as the deep current, the reejerey guides the course of the school.
Merrow Wavebreakers①The merrows' prey have retreated from the shore, so they have learned to follow.
Merrow Witsniper①"The world above the waterline must be monitored-and, when necessary, adjusted."
Merry-Go-Round①After the first rotation, the dressage phase begins.
Merry-Go-Round①Ensconced in a slow time bubble that makes a five-minute ride take nine hours, the carousel is a very popular childcare option.
Mesa Cavalier①In the fight to defeat Phyrexia, the courage of Benalish knights is matched only by that of their pegasus steeds.
Mesa Chicken①"Lo lord of layers proudly comb-crested↵Hero to hens father to feathers↵Crowing sun-caller weaver of wattle↵Elder to eggs."↵-*Rooster Saga*
Mesa Enchantress①"Scholars seek to understand the way the world is. I wish to shape the world into what it should be."
Mesa Enchantress①She shepherds mysteries and dust as others would a flock of sheep.
Mesa Falcon①"Pretty Falcon, friend to Soraya. Will you send her my greetings?"↵-Gemma, Willow Priestess
Mesa Falcon①"The faith of Serra is borne on wings of hope."↵-Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Mesa Falcon①"The faith of Serra is borne on wings of hope."↵-Gulsen, abbey matron
Mesa Lynx①Its ferocity is tempered by patience, knowing it must wait for just the right moment to strike a killing blow.
Mesa Pegasus①Before a woman marries in the village of Sursi, she must visit the land of the Mesa Pegasus. Legend has it that if the woman is pure of heart and her love is true, a Mesa Pegasus will appear, blessing her family with long life and good fortune.
Mesa Pegasus①Before a woman marries in the village of Sursi, she must visit the land of the mesa pegasus. Legend has it that if the woman is pure of heart and her love is true, a mesa pegasus will appear, blessing her family with long life and good fortune.
Mesa Unicorn①The unicorns of Sursi are a manifestation of Serra's joy and compassion. They frolic and dance like children, offering blessings to anyone they encounter.
Mesmeric Orb①A step in one direction is two steps away from another.
Mesmeric Trance①"Magic overused can freeze the mind. Creativity is more important than power."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Messenger Drake①The more important the message, the larger the messenger.
Messenger Falcons①So many aven had died scouting the distant fronts that the knight-captains recruited Nayan falcons as couriers.
Messenger's Speed①"He outran arrows. He outran even the archers' insults."↵-Bayma, storyteller of Lagonna Band
Metal Fatigue①The Auriok have fought the metal hordes for so long now that knowing how to cripple them has become an instinct.
Metallic Mastery①"All will be reforged in the fires of glory."↵-Urabrask the Hidden
Metallic Rebuke①"Too little, too late. The machine is in motion."↵-Tezzeret
Metallic Sliver①When the clever counterfeit was accepted by the hive, Volrath's influence upon the slivers grew even stronger.
Metallurgeon①"By the time I got there, the heart had stopped. Fortunately, I was able to replace it with something better."
Metalwork Colossus①"I've come to save the world!"
Metalworker①"At this rate I fully expect to be replaced by a clockwork golem by year's end."↵-Barrin
Metamorphic Wurm①Only a handful have seen it transform. Or, from the wurm's perspective, only a mouthful.
Metamorphose①If it's not one thing, it's another.
Metathran Elite①If the eyes are windows to the soul, their souls are not of this world.
Metathran Soldier①Just as Serra crafted angels of light and faith, Urza constructed an army of sorcery and power to resist the coming invasion.
Metathran Zombie①"Rise, metathran. You shall serve a nobler cause in death."↵-Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Meteor Blast①"Behold astronomy's contribution to war."↵-Fennor Rhyl, starcaller
Meteor Crater①Legend has it that meteor craters are haunted by the ghosts of those who died on impact.
Meteor Golem①The impact sent the soldiers scattering-then something came out of the crater.
Meteor Golem①The strongest golems are forged from meteoric iron that has been tempered in the heat of an elemental plane.
Meteor Shower①"Eenie, meenie, minie, moe . . . oh, why not all of them?"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Meteor Shower①"Eenie, meenie, minie, moe . . . oh, why not all of them?"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Meteor Storm①The storm wasn't an omen. It was the fulfillment of one.
Meteor Swarm①Sometimes one fireball isn't enough.
Meteorite①"And if I'm lying," he began . . .
Meteorite①"Material at dig site 165-beta confirmed to be of Null Moon origin. Immediate excavation assistance requested."↵-Tolaria field dispatch
Metropolis Angel①"Angels are living proof that power does not always lead to corruption."↵-Elspeth
Metropolis Sprite①"Well, if that goblin didn't want his tongue pierced, he shouldn't have stuck it out at me."
Miara, Thorn of the Glade①"Approach from downwind. Tread with care. Aim for the heart."
Miasmic Mummy①Its breath doesn't assault the senses. It pollutes the mind.
Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker①"Watch over my father. Tell him I'm safe, but I won't come home until I find out how to bring him back to his senses, and Kamigawa is again at peace."↵-Michiko Konda, last letter to General Takeno
Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker①Michiko could not sit idly by while Kamigawa suffered for her father's actions.
Micromancer①"Ideas don't have to be big to be great."
Midnight Arsonist①Killing the slayers was self-preservation. The fire was just for fun.
Midnight Assassin①The broad avenues and graceful spires of Park Heights are the playground of the affluent. After nightfall, they also make a fine hunting ground.
Midnight Banshee①Many have heard the beginning of its low, sustained shriek but few the end.
Midnight Covenant①"Not all mortals fought the kami. The ogres revered the oni, while some humans made pacts based upon empty promises."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Midnight Duelist①Avacyn's return did not rid him of his desire for revenge.
Midnight Guard①"When you're on watch, no noise is harmless and no shadow can be ignored."↵-Olgard of the Skiltfolk
Midnight Haunting①The path back to the world of the living is murky and bewildering. A geist may not even realize that it's terrifying its own loved ones.
Midnight Reaper①No one welcomes his visit, yet all must grant him tribute.
Midnight Ritual①Bury old friends deeply, lest they return bearing worms.
Midvast Protector①"I cultivated my faith in Avacyn despite meager returns. Now my faith is repaid."
Might Makes Right①An oath of fealty sworn with a handshake.
Might Sliver①"The colossal thing rumbled over the ridge, tree husks crumbling before it. The ones we were already fighting howled as it came, their muscles suddenly surging, and we knew it was time to flee."↵-Llanach, Skyshroud ranger
Might Weaver①"Let my strength harden your resolve."
Might of Alara①The combined strength of all five planes spawned creations none had seen before.
Might of Murasa①The continent of Murasa is defined by irrepressible growth, both natural and otherwise.
Might of Oaks①"Guess where I'm gonna plant this!"
Might of Oaks①May your weapon be no sword forged. May your armor be no metal wrought.↵-Elvish saying
Might of Oaks①Suddenly, she couldn't see the acorns for the trees.
Might of Old Krosa①"Krosa the great. Krosa the enduring. Look to the forest, and it will share its bounty."↵-Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Might of Old Krosa①Sometimes even humble forest creatures were gifted with mighty emanations from the past.
Might of the Masses①"There is nothing stronger than many hearts united for a single cause."↵-Emmara
Might of the Masses①The Joraga elves never need ask a troll to leave their territory. They merely grant it their combined strength, and it can't resist embarking on a merry rampage.
Might of the Nephilim①"Send a runner to Tin Street, and tell 'em the delivery has been . . . uh . . . held up."↵-Bonmod, caravan rear guard
Might of the Old Ways①Brimming with power from their disrupted ritual, the Dawnhart witches lashed out at the werewolf intruders.
Mightstone①While exploring the sacred cave of Koilos with his brother Mishra and their master Tocasia, Urza fell behind in the Hall of Tagsin, where he discovered the remarkable Mightstone.
Mighty Emergence①Why settle for mere enormity?
Mighty Leap①"I feel the presence of the God-Pharaoh in the Second Sun, and I rise upon its rays."
Mighty Leap①"The southern fortress taken by invaders? Heh, sure . . . when elephants fly."↵-Brezard Skeinbow, captain of the guard
Mighty Leap①"We may have lost faith in our gods, but we are far from losing faith in ourselves."↵-Munda, ambush leader
Mikaeus, the Unhallowed①Once a servant of the light, now a slave to the dark.
Mikokoro, Center of the Sea①"Center of the Sea, Eye of the World, Shrine of Enlightenment. Seek it for answers. Seek it for healing. Seek it and return transformed."↵-Scroll fragment from the ruins of Minamo
Militant Inquisitor①"I am an instrument of the church wielded against Avacyn's enemies."
Military Intelligence①To know the battlefield is to anticipate the enemy. To know the enemy is to anticipate victory.
Militia Rallier①"We can wait like helpless children for a hero, or we can gather our courage and *be* the heroes. Who's with me?"
Militia's Pride①If you pick a fight with one kithkin, be ready to fight them all.
Millennial Gargoyle①"You've got to keep your wits about you on the roofs. Not all stones are compliant handholds."↵-Iveta, rooftop runner
Millikin①"Another failure," grumbled the toymaker. She slammed the door with such gusto that she failed to notice the eyes watching her.
Millikin①The toymaker frowned in bewilderment. None of his creations had ever sneezed before.
Millstone①Minds, like mountains, are never so grand and mighty that they can't be reduced to dust.
Millstone①More than one mage has been driven insane by the sound of the millstone relentlessly grinding away.
Millstone①More than one mage was driven insane by the sound of the Millstone relentlessly grinding away.
Miming Slime①"We paid the Simic very well for this capability, but we should quickly recoup our expenses in saved wages."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Mina and Denn, Wildborn①Greenweaver Mina and her twin brother Denn lead the last of the Mul Daya into an uncertain future.
Minamo Scrollkeeper①The scrollkeepers never stepped an inch away from the doors of the Great Library, not even when the ogres and their oni masters swept through Minamo.
Minamo Sightbender①Woven from threads of the spirit world, the mistcloak rendered its wearer invisible, but quickly fell to tatters.
Minamo's Meddling①Like storm water through the segments of bamboo, the spell followed the links of magic. Then it destroyed them.
Minamo, School at Water's Edge①Its students graduate the school and enter history.
Mind Bend①"The world, I've come to realize, is a blank canvas on which to paint."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Mind Burst①As haunting as a zombie's curse.
Mind Control①"Every primitive mind has a motive. Easy to find, and eminently exploitable."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Mind Control①"The mind: a great weapon and an even greater weakness."↵-Jace Beleren
Mind Control①"Why fight the body when you can dominate the mind that rules it?"↵-Jace Beleren
Mind Drain①"The meal was exquisite. The conversation, less so."
Mind Flayer①"Shed your thoughts and let my will flow through you."
Mind Funeral①"The soul is only as eternal as I say it is."↵-Sharuum the Hegemon
Mind Harness①Centuries ago, Mangara won the loyalty of the Quirion not by ruling their minds but by supporting their independence.
Mind Knives①To dodge the unerring knife, one must be free of thought.
Mind Over Matter①Lyna turned to the figure beside her. "They're gone. What now?"↵"As ever," said Urza, "we wait."
Mind Raker①It consumes any dreams of victory.
Mind Rake①Spells of madness often require a sacrifice of sanity.
Mind Ravel①An end to reason, an end to order. Forget all that has been.
Mind Rot①"It saddens me to lose a source of inspiration. This one seemed especially promising."↵-Ashiok
Mind Rot①"The Ojutai are my favorite victims. They have so much knowledge to lose."↵-Asmala, Silumgar sorcerer
Mind Rot①"The beauty of mental attacks is that your victims never remember them."↵-Volrath
Mind Rot①"What a pity. You should have written it down."↵-Liliana Vess
Mind Rot①Many an inventor has collapsed under the pressure to create a flawless design.
Mind Rot①Not every thought is a good one.
Mind Rot①What wizards fear most is losing their minds.
Mind Rot①With no memories left to compare to his present situation, Andalum was finally content.
Mind Sculpt①"Your mind was a curious mix of madness and genius. I just took away the genius."↵-Jace Beleren
Mind Shatter①Dark thoughts hatch and twist within the mind, straining to take wing.
Mind Slash①"I can't think with all that screaming."
Mind Sludge①"Guard your thoughts. You never know who might wish to take them from you."↵-Kalitas, Bloodchief of Ghet
Mind Sludge①When you get into the swamp, the swamp gets into you.
Mind Spring①Fragments of thought refract and multiply, surging in a geyser of dizzying insight.
Mind Stone①"Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power."↵-Rene Descartes, *Discourse on Method*
Mind Stone①"I don't study it because I want answers; I study it because there is beauty in pursuing the unknown."↵-Masvaad, Candlekeep librarian
Mind Stone①"Not by age but by capacity is wisdom gained."↵-Titus Maccius Plautus, *Trinummus*
Mind Stone①"Pain is an ally. Pain is a friend. Pain is truth."↵-Sister Erynia N'botu, Order of the Valorous Heart
Mind Stone①"What is mana but possibility, an idea not yet given form?"↵-Jhoira, master artificer
Mind Stone①During biotransference, the Necrontyr lost almost all individuality. What little remained was imprisoned within a living metal form.
Mind Stone①The stones, like their holders, were drawn to each other. United, their true power awoke.
Mind Stone①What is mana but possibility, an idea not yet given form?
Mind Unbound①The creations of the hand are confined by reality. The creations of the mind know no such limits.
Mind Warp①The hardest of wizards can have the softest of minds.
Mind Whip①"A mind in agony is a sparrow without wings."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Mind's Dilation①Infinite wisdom cannot be contained within a single mind.
Mind's Eye①"Ideas drift like petals on the wind. I have only to lift my face to the breeze."
Mind's Eye①Developed and tested by researchers at the Consulate's House of Knowledge, these devices allow anyone to see with a visionary's eye.
Mindblade Render①"There will be no secrets between us... like it or not."
Mindbreak Trap①"Life is a maze. This is one of its dead ends."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Mindclaw Shaman①Nicol Bolas gives power to those who will abuse it most.
Mindcrank①"Let go of your memories and be reborn."↵-Argent Etchings, plate 106, passage 27
Mindculling①"Why infiltrate their strongholds when what we seek resides in such a poorly guarded safe?"↵-Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Mindeye Drake①They can map both the cityscape and the minds of its architects.
Mindlash Sliver①Though Dominaria's queenless slivers lack a single purpose, in some the instinct for self-sacrifice remains extremely strong.
Mindleech Ghoul①"This still doesn't make you the brains of the operation."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Mindless Null①Only a bloodchief can create vampires. The rest sire nulls, who become mindless beasts in their former bodies.
Mindlock Orb①Rogue mechanists once rummaged through the wastes of the Tidehollow, constructing unauthorized golems to threaten the hegemony of the sphinxes. The orbs put a stop to that.
Mindmoil①"My criticism of the Izzet is that their impulse for learning seems too much like impulse and too little like learning."↵-Trigori, Azorius senator
Mindscour Dragon①"The bells may one day ring as an anthem of our own end."↵-Kyu, Sage-Eye mystic
Mindslaver①It's a helm that leaves the head at its most vulnerable.
Mindslicer①It *is* the thing that goes bump in the night.
Mindstatic①"It's always satisfying to stymie the best efforts of a rival, but the reactions of the Gruul are particularly amusing."↵-Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Mindswipe①"The past and the unwritten are frozen. To understand their meaning requires heat."↵-Arel the Whisperer
Mindwhip Sliver①"They share more than their thoughts. We must shatter their link quickly!"↵-Hanna, to Orim
Mindwrack Harpy①Harpies are among the most detested creatures in all of Theros... and they thoroughly deserve it.
Mine Bearer①"The Keldons may have explosive tempers, but *I* have explosives."
Mine Collapse①"Good ol' rock," muttered Rhirhok as the shaking began. "Nice ol' rock . . . ."
Mine Collapse①"Good ol' rock," muttered Rhirhok as the shaking began. "Nice ol' rock … ."
Miner's Bane①There are certain stones even dwarves know to leave in the earth.
Minion Reflector①To crack a mirror is to provide an opening for the reflection to escape.
Minion of Tevesh Szat①"A minion given over to Tevesh Szat is a stronger minion gained."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Minion's Return①As a mortal, Phenax was the first to escape the Underworld. As a god, he brings his pawns along the same dark path.
Minions' Murmurs①"They are quick to offer advice, those whose mistakes doomed them to undeath. How can I not listen to the wisdom of failure?"↵-Ratadrabik of Urborg
Minister of Impediments①When it takes forever to learn all the rules, no time is left for breaking them.
Minister of Inquiries①"This research violates Consulate law."
Minister of Pain①Draconic words need not be shouted. A whisper will suffice.
Ministrant of Obligation①When the price of your sins comes due, the Church of Deals is there to collect.
Minotaur Abomination①"Look at that. Shuffling, wobbling, entrails placed haphazardly. It's shameful. Who would let that kind of work flap about for all to see?"↵-Lestin, necromancer
Minotaur Aggressor①The smelting district is home to many who see the guilds as not for them.
Minotaur Explorer①After the invasion devastated the Talruum and Hurloon tribes, the survivors began to search for other minotaurs.
Minotaur Skullcleaver①"Their only dreams are of full stomachs."↵-Kleon the Iron-Booted
Minotaur Sureshot①"Those wings are no advantage. I will pin them to the ceiling of the Hekma."
Minotaur Warrior①The herd's patience, the stampede's fury.
Minotaur de Force①"If I ever need a haircut, I just fall a little to the left."
Miracle Worker①"Those blessed hands could bring surcease to even the most tainted soul."↵-Sister Betje, *Miracles of the Saints*
Miraculous Recovery①"I am the rock of the polis. Death only strengthens me."
Miraculous Recovery①"You stop breathing for just a few minutes and everyone jumps to conclusions."↵-Zarkuu, necrosavant
Mirage Mirror①Most mirrors show your reflection. Others show your potential.
Mirari's Wake①Even after a false god tore magic from Dominaria, power still radiated from the Mirari sword that slew her.
Mirari's Wake①Even after a false god tore the magic from Dominaria, power still radiated from the Mirari sword that slew her.
Mirari's Wake①Its passage through history is marked by warped desires and insatiable greed.
Mirari's Wake①The land drank power from the Mirari as though it had thirsted forever.
Mirari①"It offers you what you want, not what you need."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Mire Blight①"Is there anything in Guul Draz that *doesn't* suck the life out of you?"↵-Tarsa, Sea Gate sell-sword
Mire Boa①Mire slime courses through its veins in place of blood. No sooner does it bleed than it opens its mouth to replace the loss.
Mire Kavu①"At this rate," said Sisay, "the next kavu we see will have wings."
Mire Shade①"We realized the bog had not given up a soul but had come to claim a new one."↵-Scout Ekemet, final journal
Mire Triton①Caught between life and death, between land and sea, between thought and oblivion.
Mire in Misery①Misery loves company.
Mire's Grasp①Those caught attempting to escape the Underworld spend the rest of their existence trapped in the Mire of Punishment.
Mire's Toll①As the bridge snapped, Berko was sure he heard the swamp laughing at him.
Mirozel①The mirozels are the only stars in Rath's opaque skies.
Mirran Crusader①A symbol of what Mirrodin once was and hope for what it will be again.
Mirran Mettle①"Our land will not yield to Phyrexian corruption!"
Mirran Spy①Accurate information is a precious commodity in times of war.
Mirri the Cursed①A hero fails, a martyr falls. Time twists and destinies interchange.
Mirri's Guile①Hanna was astounded. Mirri read every leaf and wisp of breeze like a book of ancient lore.
Mirri, Cat Warrior①"Full of beauty and grace, with a predator's instincts . . . Although she wanders, I have always thought Mirri belongs in Llanowar most of all."↵-Rofellos, Llanowar emissary
Mirri, Cat Warrior①"Full of beauty and grace, with a predator's instincts. . . Although she wanders, I have always thought Mirri belongs in Llanowar most of all."↵-Rofellos, Llanowar emissary
Mirri①Mirri and Gerrard have been the best of friends since they trained together under the maro-sorcerer Multani. A fierce and agile warrior, she rejoined Gerrard aboard the *Weatherlight* as his unofficial first mate shortly after he assumed command of the flying ship.
Mirror Entity①Unaware of Lorwyn's diversity, it sees only itself, reflected a thousand times over.
Mirror Gallery①Only in mirrors do heroes find their equal.
Mirror Image①The life of a shapeshifter is one of constant change.
Mirror Mockery①Who you are constantly runs toward who you will be.
Mirror Sheen①Even treefolk witches steer clear of the unpredictable woods near Glen Elendra. Spells refract off the glamer-polished trees and the eyes of lurking pucas.
Mirror Strike①"Enemies can be your weapons or your shields. Simply show them which they are."↵-*The Teachings of Zho*
Mirror Wall①"Breaking it would be about four hundred years bad luck."↵-Nomad sentry
Mirror of Fate①As the glass shattered, forgotten realities and dead memories came flooding back.
Mirror of Life Trapping①Quenton barely had a second to admire his exquisite handsomeness before reality collapsed around him.
Mirror-Sigil Sergeant①"If I had many lives, I would give them all for Bant."
Mirrormade①"Share your darkest secret and the Mirror will reveal your soul's essence."↵-Ceri, royal mirrorkeeper
Mirrorweave①"Those who are different are untrustworthy, unpredictable. Put your safety in the hands of your own kind."↵-Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Mirrorwood Treefolk①It doesn't need a bite. The bark works just fine.
Mirrorworks①The faces of Geth's corpse-dredgers are disturbingly similar.
Miscast①"Next time, try something more appropriate for your skill level."↵-Barrin, Tolarian archmage
Mischief and Mayhem①"The false god Xenagos treats the whole world as his rollick site. If his whims are left unchecked, Theros will be reduced to rubble and ashes."↵-Elspeth
Mischievous Catgeist①"I never get any knitting done, but I don't entirely mind."↵-Lorn, Lambholt innkeeper
Mischievous Chimera①Some curiosities are best left alone.
Mischievous Poltergeist①"The past is a ghost that haunts you from the moment it exists until the moment you don't."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Misers' Cage①"Let him be imprisoned while his possessions wander free."↵-Suq'Ata legal decree
Mise①Statistically mind-staggering as it might seem, the term "mise" was in fact coined simultaneously by over one thousand Magic players.
Mise①mise 'mīz v [alter. of might as well] (1997) 1: to win when you don't deserve to 2: to top-deck the "tings" you need 3: to be rewarded by an opponent's bad luck 4: to coin a phrase that spreads through the tournament scene like wildfire 5: to fling a monkey 6: to split firewood using a sharp instrument 7: To burn
Misfortune's Gain①The mourning families of commanders and generals were often given land, valuables, or money to compensate for their losses.
Misguided Rage①Only when the anger passed did Varv realize he had burned down his home, destroyed his weapons, and killed his friend Furt.
Mishra's Bauble①"Arcum is a babbling fool! Phyrexian technology is our greatest blessing. Take this delightful trinket for instance . . ."↵-Heidar, Rimewind master
Mishra's Groundbreaker①The very ground yielded to Mishra's wishes.
Mishra's Helix①The helix was the finest example of Mishra's campaign strategy: if he couldn't have Argoth, no one could.
Mishra's Self-Replicator①It has witnessed history's most significant events, one incarnation after another.
Mishra's Toy Workshop①Even though Urza tried to apologize, Mishra continued to bear a grudge.
Mishra's Workshop①2020 Vintage Champion
Mishra's Workshop①Though he eventually came to despise Tocasia, Mishra listened well to her lessons on clarity of purpose. Unlike his brother, he focused his mind on a single goal.
Mishra, Artificer Prodigy①A sojourn through time gave dark inspiration to one gifted young mind.
Mishra①Both complement and antithesis to his older brother Urza, Mishra also mastered the intricacies of artifice. It was Mishra's strength that first gave rise to the massive Phyrexian war engines on Dominaria, and it was his weakness that pushed him, Urza, and Dominaria itself to the point of annihilation.
Misinformation①"When you cannot rely on your sources, trust your own senses. When you cannot trust those, you must follow your instincts."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Misinformation①"When you cannot rely on your sources, trust your own senses. When you cannot trust those, you must follow your instincts."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Miss Demeanor①Even war can be civil.
Misshapen Fiend①You'd scarcely believe they could fly until they drop out of the sky onto you.
Misstep①The feet have no eyes.↵-Saprazzan saying
Mist Dragon①"Across the plains, farmers who braved the mists began to vanish. Most blamed the goblins; none guessed the truth."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Mist Intruder①The wastes spread as quickly as the wind.
Mist Leopard①"I can't claim to hunt all creatures. There are some things in the jungle that simply can't be hunted."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Mist Raven①"When you see a raven, head for the hills. It knows when the ghost-tide is headed in."↵-Sved, fisherman of Nephalia
Mist-Cloaked Herald①With matchless stealth, the River Heralds fought a running battle against the three enemy forces.
Mistakes Were Made①In hindsight, Chandra's Incendiary Experience should never have been built next to Auntie Grub's House of Pitch.
Mistcaller①Hospitality is of little concern to those who do not wish to be disturbed.
Mistfire Adept①"The quieter the skies, the calmer the mind."
Mistfolk①"Although my official log will state there is no evidence pointing to the existence of the Mistfolk, my certainty is lessened by the cursed consistency of the expedition's eyewitness accounts."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Mistfolk①"Although my official log will state there is no evidence pointing to the existence of the mistfolk, my certainty is lessened by the cursed consistency of the expedition's eyewitness accounts."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Mistford River Turtle①The fae raised the turtle from a tiny hatchling. They taught it whom to ferry-and whom to drown.
Mistform Dreamer①Devotion, the second myth of reality: The faithful are most hurt by the objects of their faith.
Mistform Mask①Trust, the fifth myth of reality: Every truth holds the seed of betrayal.
Mistform Mutant①Familiarity, the first myth of reality: What you know the best, you observe the least.
Mistform Skyreaver①Conviction, the third myth of reality: Only those who seek the truth can be deceived.
Mistform Sliver①Taking the form of a junior researcher, the first sliver slipped out of Riptide.
Mistform Ultimus①It may wear your face, but its mind is its own.
Mistform Wall①Fellowship, the fourth myth of reality: As the tides of war shift, so do loyalties.
Mistgate Pathway①"I've never seen mist so unnaturally thick as this-where does the sea end and the sky begin?"↵-Ekken, Omenseeker navigator
Misthollow Griffin①For some creatures, existing is only a whim.
Misthoof Kirin①It heralded Sarkhan's return to Tarkir's present.
Mistmeadow Skulk①Doyo suspected the boggarts of brewing a plot against his crop, so he scythed away his grain to clear the sightlines.
Mistmeadow Witch①Olka collected the evening mist for years, studying its secrets. Once she learned its essence, she could vanish with a thought.
Mistral Charger①Some sky steeds break from the thundering herd to ride free on the open winds.
Mistral Singer①"I sang of storms, there came a squall. I sang of waves, the seas grew tall. I sang of love, but no voice called."
Mists of Littjara①The Skelle raiders boasted that nothing could stop them, certainly not a bit of fog.
Mistvault Bridge①The path to knowledge is forged in hunger.
Mistwalker①"To escape Littjara, follow a bird."↵-Tuskeri folklore
Mitotic Manipulation①"They can't even comprehend nature. How could they improve it?"↵-Venser
Mizzium Meddler①Energy surges in Izzet labs are opportunities for experimentation.
Mizzium Transreliquat①"What is it? Um . . . what do you *want* it to be?"↵-Juzba, Izzet tinker
Mnemonic Deluge①Past, present, and future surged through the wizard's mind, bringing a flood of possibilities.
Mnemonic Nexus①True enlightenment comes not with a new thought, but with understanding of all the old ones.
Mnemonic Sliver①"A jigsaw puzzle that lives, breeds, and thinks."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Mnemonic Sphere①"Let the Imperials search our laboratories. Will they think to look for secrets in a pretty bauble?"↵-Emire, director of the Saiba Futurists
Mnemonic Wall①"I'd build an entire fortress of them if I could."↵-Mzali, Lighthouse archmage
Mnemonic Wall①"It augments anamnesis. What is so confusing about that?"↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Moan of the Unhallowed①For a ghoul, every village is a buffet and every disaster is a reunion.
Moaning Spirit①The dead sing their own lullabies.
Moaning Wall①Before the monuments, before the first trials, before Naktamun itself, Bolas culled the plane of its adults in order to rebuild it for his own designs.
Moat Piranhas①"Come on, it's not even that deep!"↵-Gorin the Brazen
Moat①The purpose of any moat is to impede attack. Some are filled with water, some with thistles. Some are filled with things best left unseen.
Mob Justice①A single stone can start an avalanche.
Mob Mentality①"Why is loud stupidity so infectious?"↵-Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Mobilization①Newcomers to Otaria find themselves at the bottom of the heap. In the pits, they at least have the chance to climb atop a heap of bodies.
Mobilization①Wars are won with strength, valor, and numbers-especially numbers.
Mobilized District①Sometimes the strongest weapon you can hold in your hand is another hand.
Mobilize①A rested mind is the sharpest weapon.
Mob①Not all monsters fight with teeth and claws.
Moderation①"Good things come to those who are judicious in their appetites."↵-*The Book of Bruna*
Moderation①Intent: This card prevents you from casting multiple spells per turn but rewards you for your restraint.
Modify Memory①Percival's clothes itched and his dinner was unpleasantly wriggly, but the kobold looked like he was having the time of his life.
Mogg Alarm①They make mountains into mogg holes.
Mogg Bombers①Behind every great mogg bomber is another mogg with a shovel and a basket.
Mogg Cannon①Moggs never volunteer for anything twice.
Mogg Conscripts①"Torahn's horns! They've seen us. Now, statue, you must fight to save yourself!"↵-Tahngarth, aboard the *Predator*
Mogg Conscripts①"Torahn's horns! They've seen us. Now, statue, you must fight to save yourself!"↵-Tahngarth, aboard the Predator
Mogg Fanatic①"As if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart's shell upon it."↵-Herman Melville, *Moby Dick*
Mogg Fanatic①"I got it! I got it! I-"
Mogg Flunkies①They'll attack whatever's in front of them-as long as you tell them where that is.
Mogg Jailer①Hey, wake up!↵-Mogg secret password
Mogg Maniac①Stand clear if he gets an itch.
Mogg Raider①The evisceration of one mogg always cheers up the rest.
Mogg Salvage①Three moggs, one treasure, too bad.
Mogg Sentry①"Nobody stands in one place better than a mogg."↵-Tahngarth
Mogg Sentry①Nothing makes a mogg madder than having to wake up.
Mogg Sentry①Tortured with magic by their masters, the moggs are enflamed by the smell of sorcery.
Mogg Squad①As they crept into the *Weatherlight*'s hold, the squad leader held up his hand and whispered, "Stop, goblins-what's that sound?"
Moggcatcher①"They're not worth much, but they're easy to catch."
Mogis's Favor①Rage-crowned Mogis swiftly rewards the virtue of brutality.
Mold Adder①The more you struggle against its coils, the tighter they get.
Mold Folk①"Corpses of those slain by russet mold grow new moldies. Not the legacy most of us aspire to."↵-Elminster
Mold Shambler①When civilization encroaches on nature, Zendikar encroaches back.
Molder Beast①"A trail of scrap metal can lead it into an ambush. But take care not to overfeed it."↵-Adaran, Tangle hunter
Molder Slug①Fortunately for it, Mirrodin is a plane without salt.
Moldering Karok①Necroluminescence is common among the undead creatures of Sedgemoor, giving the midnight swamp an eerie glow. It's comforting-from a distance.
Moldervine Reclamation①"The heroes of the past nourish our spirits by their example-and nourish our crops by their decay."↵-Jeddeg, philosopher of graves
Molder①"The forests have succumbed to ruin, but the spirit of Krosa remains alive and vital in these devouring spores."↵-Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Moldgraf Millipede①Between stitchers, cultists, and scavengers, corpses are in high demand.
Moldgraf Monstrosity①The border between life and death is as thin as a layer of topsoil.
Moldgraf Scavenger①"When I was a child, we worried about picking the wrong mushrooms for the cook pot. Now we must worry about being picked ourselves."↵-Halana, Kessig ranger
Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer①"My mind is the spread of the canopy. My heart is the embrace of the roots. I am deathless Llanowar, its fury and its peace."
Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer①"The world calls and I answer."
Molten Birth①"Few can coax the creatures within the magma to be cooled and take form."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Molten Blast①Life among the sudden tremors and violent eruptions of Akoum demands a healthy fear of both.
Molten Frame①The metal filigree in his body glowed red-hot, and his flesh soon followed.
Molten Hydra①Keep off the glass.↵-Hydra warning sign
Molten Influence①Lavamancers make simple requests: obey or die.
Molten Monstrosity①The cold snap killed off most of the heat-loving hellions . . . leaving only the strongest alive to breed.
Molten Nursery①"Some detours just aren't worth it."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Molten Rain①It came as a cruel answer to the farmers' prayers.
Molten Rain①When the molten rains fall, entire landscapes melt and flow away in rivulets of fire.
Molten Ravager①"Only the foolhardy would venture into the Akoum Mountains without a lullmage to tame the raging rocks and living fires."↵-Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Molten Sentry①Some take after their father, Stone, some after their mother, Fire.
Molten Tributary①Though dangerous, Shiv teems with both life and mana, making it a tempting destination for ambitious mages.
Molten Vortex①If you can't take the heat . . . well, that's going to be a problem.
Moltensteel Dragon①An apocalypse in dragon form.
Molting Harpy①Shed harpy feathers leave painful wounds-which explains the harpies' mood.
Molting Skin①"We have learned much from the orochi."
Molting Snakeskin①Flesh wounds are meaningless to those who discard their flesh so readily.
Moment of Craving①"The time of condemnation is at hand. Dusk washes over the world, and I consign you to eternal darkness!"
Moment of Heroism①"My faith is stronger than fang, claw, or mindless hunger."
Moment of Silence①The silence commemorates not those who've died, but those about to.
Moment of Triumph①"The time of salvation is at hand. Dusk washes over the world, and the Legion will rise immortal!"
Momentous Fall①It wasn't long until the elves had developed a use for every part of the Eldrazi.
Monastery Flock①"The arrow strikes one bird down, but the flock remains."↵-Jeskai teaching
Monastery Mentor①"Speak little. Do much."
Monastery Mentor①"The past does not determine our present."
Monastery Swiftspear①"No sign of movement. Looks like we've got the element of sur-"↵-Gaiza, Mardu raider
Monastery Swiftspear①The calligraphy of combat is written with strokes of sudden blood.
Mondronen Shaman①"Tovolar, my master. Gather the howlpack, for the Hunter's Moon is nigh and Thraben's walls grow weak."
Monitor Monitor①Nine fires, a hull breach, and a Quafloovian meganibbler escaped from the petting zoo. Things were suspiciously quiet.
Monk Idealist①"Belief is the strongest mortar."
Monk Realist①"We plant the seeds of doubt to harvest the crop of wisdom."
Monk of the Open Hand①His mind is a tranquil meadow, his fists a raging storm.
Monkey Monkey Monkey①Many matches make more madcap monkey mayhem.
Monologue Tax①"Your unsolicited words enrich us all. Please, continue."↵-Yold, professor of cryptorelicology
Monomania①"What do vermin cling to when all hope is lost?"↵-Sorin Markov
Monoskelion①An unfinished body with unfinished business.
Monoxa, Midway Manager①"Can we get this ghost 11% spookier?"
Mons's Goblin Raiders①Just because they have a club doesn't mean they're organized.
Mons's Goblin Raiders①The intricate dynamics of Rundvelt Goblin affairs are often confused with anarchy. The chaos, however, is the chaos of a thundercloud, and direction will sporadically and violently appear. Pashalik Mons and his Raiders are the thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Mons's Goblin Raiders①The intricate dynamics of Rundvelt Goblin affairs are often confused with anarchy. The chaos, however, is the chaos of a thundercloud, and direction will sporadically and violently appear. Pashalik Mons and his raiders are the thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Mons's Goblin Raiders①The intricate dynamics of Rundvelt goblin affairs are often confused with anarchy. The chaos, however, is the chaos of a thundercloud, and direction will sporadically and violently appear. Pashalik Mons and his raiders are the thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Mons's Goblin Waiters①Poached Rukh Eggs↵Rock↵Cooked Rock↵Unicorn-on-the-Cob↵Wormfang Turtle Soup
Monsoon①"No one in her right mind would venture off the coast of Kjeldor during this season."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Monster Manual①The detail really makes the monsters jump off the page.
Monstrify①Gackt came to regret keeping his pet toads on his head.
Monstrous Carabid①What happens when a plane of predators collides with four planes of prey?
Monstrous Growth①Get in touch with your inner monster.
Monstrous Growth①Some cats are born fighters; others need a little persuading.
Monstrous Growth①The nightstalkers' little game of tease-the-squirrel suddenly took an unexpected turn.
Monstrous Hound①"Stay."
Monstrous Onslaught①"Regards from Peema."↵-Rishkar
Monstrous Step①Life is best taken one step at a time.
Moon Heron①The heron is the symbol of the archangel Avacyn. The fact that such spirits still fly gives the church hope that its founder may one day return.
Moon Sprite①"I am that merry wanderer of the night."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*A Midsummer Night's Dream*
Moon-Blessed Cleric①Selune guides her devotees with majestic wisdom and grace.
Moon-Eating Dog①The most nimble of creatures, it chases the most sacred luminence.
Moonfolk Puzzlemaker①"Research is hardly the dry, serious pastime outsiders make it out to be."
Moonglove Extract①Diluted, moonglove can etch living tissue. Concentrated, a drop will kill a giant.
Moonglove Winnower①Winnowers live to eliminate eyeblights, creatures the elves deem too ugly to exist.
Moonlace①Once a vision of constancy in the sky, the moon had long been hidden from view by the haze that chokes the heavens. The very sight of it had become a sign that change was in the air.
Moonlight Bargain①At every fifth full moon, the Moon Market convenes to peddle Ravnica's most forbidden wares.
Moonlight Geist①Wails and whispers are the only weapons she has left.
Moonlight Hunt①Courage alone won't keep you alive.
Moonlit Ambusher①Even when he strikes, the only sound is the snap of jaws through bone.
Moonlit Scavengers①They comb the shallows of Lochmere for relics of a bygone era. And if they happen upon a lone traveler, all the better.
Moonlit Wake①"As long as Rushwood glows, no life is ever truly lost."↵-Ta-Karnst, Cho-Arrim healer
Moonrager's Slash①The cathars fell like leaves as Tovolar himself joined the fray.
Moonscarred Werewolf①". . . and I will bring the fury of the wild back to my village."
Moonsilver Key①To restore the day-night balance, the Celestus mechanism's Sungold Lock must be reunited with its long-lost key.
Moonveil Dragon①"Their hearts beat, their lungs draw breath, and they have one true form. I count them as allies of the living."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Moonwing Moth①"Night wings sprinkled with dust Of a thousand soldiers dead And a thousand cities fallen."↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Moor Fiend①"Let them close the gates of Krov from dusk until dawn if they so choose. It matters not. My fiends shall yet rend their flesh from their bones."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Moorish Cavalry①Members of the elite Moorish Cavalry are very particular about their mounts, choosing only those whose bloodlines have been pure for generations.
Moorland Drifter①It has no apparent purpose or direction. It simply drifts, buoyed by breezes both tangible and otherworldly.
Moorland Inquisitor①Inquisitors are taught scripture, philosophy, and the fine art of sharpening an axe.
Moorland Rescuer①"Hold on tight, little one. I'll get you to safety."
Morale①"After Lacjsi's speech, the Knights grew determined to crush their ancient enemies clan by clan." -Tivadar of Thorn, *History of the Goblin Wars*
Morale①"After Lacjsi's speech, the Knights grew determined to crush their ancient enemies clan by clan."↵-Tivadar of Thorn, *History of the Goblin Wars*
Morality Shift①The mind sings, though at times it sings a dirge.
Morbid Bloom①"From the damned I make my garden."↵-Jorshu of Clan Nel Toth
Morbid Curiosity①"Every creation carries a piece of its creators. Their knowledge, their dreams, their soul. That is the best part."
Morbid Opportunist①On Innistrad, one person's windfall usually starts with another person lying face down in the mud.
Morbid Plunder①Even the dead are raw materials for the Phyrexian vision of perfection.
Mordenkainen's Polymorph①"Your purpose may change along with your shape, but you will serve regardless."
More or Less①Why was 5 afraid of 6? Because 678.
Morgue Burst①"Let him in. He's on the list."↵-Olrich, Rakdos club owner
Morgue Thrull①It's so hard to find good help these days.
Morgue Toad①"The toads of Urborg aren't fast, powerful, or pleasant, but they have their uses."↵-Ertai
Morinfen①"I looked into its eyes, and its soul was so empty I saw no reflection, no light there."↵-Crovax
Moriok Reaver①"The Moriok are fools. They try so hard to gain my favor. All I want is for them to die quickly, to join the ranks of the nim."↵-Geth, Lord of the Vault
Moriok Replica①All the secrets of the Moriok with only a trace of their corruption.
Moriok Rigger①The Moriok scavenge for weapons, for armor, for food-and ultimately for their souls.
Moriok Scavenger①Many go to Mephidross in search of lost riches. Most end up as part of the cache.
Morkrut Banshee①"Let go your grudges, or risk wandering the bogs forever in a murderous rage."↵-Hildin, priest of Avacyn
Morkrut Behemoth①"Let's see my brother's stitched-up little toys compete with this."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Morkrut Necropod①"There's not enough salt in all of Nephalia to wither that thing."↵-Ghoulcaller Enslow
Morning Apparition①"You could see the spirits all along, couldn't you? Well, now I can too."
Morningtide①"The spirits of the righteous shall rise into the sky. Even dirtwalkers will fly like aven."↵-Major Teroh
Moroii①"Touched by moroii"↵-Undercity slang meaning "to grow old"
Morphic Pool①Ancient magic reshapes the stage into a variety of landscapes.
Morphic Pool①No one really knows how deep the waters go beneath the Undercity, nor what amorphous horrors lurk within.
Morselhoarder①It scours the hills for living matter, savoring even the tang of poisonous fungi.
Mortal Combat①The crowd roared, the fighters bled, and the dead piled high in the pits. Only the Cabal could win.
Mortal Flesh Is Weak①"I certainly would have accepted my offer of eternal life. But if you choose death instead, who am I to argue?"
Mortal Wound①"Their tears spill over Jamuraa. Mixed with blood, they wash everything red."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Mortal's Ardor①"Such deeds should be common fare for such as us."↵-Anax, king of Akros
Mortal's Resolve①The Fates tried to cut her string but found the thread had turned to iron.
Mortality Spear①"Death is my life's work."
Mortician Beetle①To the soldier, war is famine; to the scavenger, a feast.
Mortify①"This sword has many names. You may call it 'Death.'"↵-Kaldor Draigo, Supreme Grand Master of the Grey Knights
Mortify①"Your debt is erased."↵-Hilgur, Orzhov euthanist
Mortify①Many who cross Sorin's path come down with a sudden and fatal case of being-in-the-way-of-a-millennia-old-vampire.
Mortify①The eyes let flow with tears, then blood, then the very soul-the whole wrung inside out, dripping down into the blackened puddle of the past.
Mortipede①Mortipede pheromones choke the streets with sickly sweetness, luring the rash and unwary into its waiting jaws.
Mortivore①The light sigh of its breath whistles through its bones.
Mortuary①"Think of them not as failures but as works in progress."↵-Volrath
Mortus Strider①Dimir's best agents hide from death itself.
Mosquito Guard①His aim is as sure as a mosquito's sting, but with none of the warning.
Moss Diamond①Every facet a promise of Chauntea's bounty.
Moss Diamond①The essence of life to heal the world.
Moss Kami①Kami manifest in the form of whatever they embody in the physical plane. Some tower in the shape of moss or bark, while others take forms beyond mortal imagining.
Moss Monster①After the battle, an eerie silence gripped the forest. The losers' remains were lightly dusted with green.
Moss Viper①Nylea watches over all the creatures of the forest except for the snakes. Blessed by Pharika, they can take care of themselves.
Mossbeard Ancient①Older than the mountains, the dragons, and the wars of humans and machines.
Mosscoat Goriak①"Goriaks are as stubborn and hardy as I'd expect of a large herbivore in a wetland habitat. But I never expected them to have such beautiful voices!"↵-Vivien Reid
Mossdog①The more you look at it, the more dangerous it becomes.
Mossfire Egg①"Can you feel your instincts overwhelm your reason?"↵-Watnik, master glassblower
Mossfire Valley①Lush growth spreads like a ferocious blaze across the Otarian hillsides.
Mossfire Valley①Plant life in the valley changes for the worse as runoff from dwarven forges contaminates the water.
Mossfire Valley①The battle at Ganzan Pass left the land so saturated with blood and twisted kami magic that it was a century before a single blade of grass could take root.
Mosstodon①Whether gargantuans are the manifested will of Progenitus or simply the result of overabundant resources is moot when a herd of them is thundering at you.
Most Wanted①Overnight, Elspeth was branded the most dangerous criminal in New Capenna.
Mothdust Changeling①"Ever seen a changeling fly into a lantern?"↵-Calydd, kithkin farmer
Mother Bear①Even without her, the cubs will always know their mother's love.
Mother of Goons①"Word to me."
Mother of Runes①"Don't eat anyone before dinner-you'll ruin your appetite."
Mother of Runes①"Each of them is my child, and no harm will befall them while I yet breathe."
Mother of Runes①"Even if the heavens should fall or the earth split beneath your feet, I will keep you safe."
Mother of Runes①"My family protects all families."
Mother of Runes①Her boundless love has moved many. Her confidence has moved mountains.
Mother of Runes①She weaves an elaborate spell of love, care, and protection, enveloping her people in soothing warmth.
Mother of Runes①She will not touch a weapon, yet she is the greatest protector her people have ever known.
Mothrider Patrol①"Be proud, young pup! You've earned your wings. Rise and become the western wind."↵-Swift-Arm, Golden-Tail headmaster
Mothrider Samurai①When the night blossoms open, the wings of Eiganjo take flight.
Mount Velus Manticore①Born from a stray spark that flew from Purphoros's forge.
Mountain Bandit①Penniless and far from home, many former Yellow Scarves and other soldiers became bandits to survive.
Mountain Goat①"Folklore has it that to capture a Mountain Goat is a sign of divine blessing. I just know it's a sign that dinner is on the way."↵-Klazina Jansdotter, Leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Mountain Goat①"Folklore has it that to capture a mountain goat is a sign of divine blessing. I just know it's a sign that dinner is on the way."↵-Klazina Jansdotter, Leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Mountain Goat①Only the heroic and the mad follow mountain goat trails.
Mountain Titan①"The Titans claimed to draw strength from the rocks, but I suspect them of some darker allegiance."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Mountain Yeti①The Yeti's single greatest asset is its unnerving ability to blend in with its surroundings.
Mountain①As you explore the slums of the Outer City, you keep hearing rumors of a den of werewolves in the caves below Dusthawk Hill.
Mountain①As you make camp near the ancient ruin, you hear the sound of drums echoing in halls where no dwarf has lived in generations.
Mountain①As you pause mid-climb to catch your breath, you'd swear you can hear a heartbeat pulsing deep within the mountain.
Mountain①Lord Jannath sent you to secure the mine from gnoll raiders, but so far you haven't seen any gnolls . . . or, for that matter, any miners.
Mountain①Rumor holds that powerful artifacts and untold wealth are hidden away in Ramazith's Tower, and today you plan to find out for yourself.
Mountain①You meant to simply rest in Hundelstone, but the miners have told you stories of whispers in the dark below.
Mountain①You've ventured deep into the heart of the mountain to determine what can calm its quaking rage.
Mountain①Your path lies across the Spine of the World, where every cave hides some new danger.
Mountebank①Get your 100% pure snake oil right here
Mounted Dreadknight①Markov vampires cultivate an image of such decadent elegance that it can be easy to forget they can field a deadly fighting force.
Mournful Zombie①Treated with a powerful mix of herbs and potions, its wrappings have a remarkable preservative effect, even for the living.
Mourning Patrol①"It's creepy out here, isn't it, boy? I always feel like someone's watching us."
Mourning Thrull①During their ascent to spirithood, patriarchs of Orzhova shed both flesh and emotion. This earthly slag is collected and formed into thrulls.
Mourning①Barrin waited for the nausea to pass or for Urza to say something else. He waited in vain.
Mournwhelk①It hoards Lorwyn's rare sorrows.
Mouth to Mouth①Interesting tidbit: Surveys show that the card Ow has one of the most popular pieces of flavor text in the *Unglued* expansion.
Mowu, Loyal Companion①Wherever Yanggu goes, Mowu follows-sometimes at his side, sometimes obscuring him from view entirely.
Mox Amber①A moment in time made tangible, it has the power to realize epic visions.
Mox Emerald①2009 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Emerald①2015 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Emerald①2021 Vintage Champion
Mox Jet①2007 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Jet①2016 European Vintage Champion
Mox Opal①On loan from a private collection, this unique mechanism extracts power from a carefully prepared gemstone.
Mox Opal①The suns of Mirrodin have shone upon perfection only once.
Mox Opal①What crossed her mind defied Orthodoxy: could there be perfection beyond *compleation*?
Mox Pearl①2006 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Pearl①2014 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Pearl①2019 Europe Vintage Champion
Mox Ruby①2008 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Ruby①2017 European Vintage Champion
Mox Ruby①2021 Vintage Champion
Mox Sapphire①2010 Vintage Championship Winner
Mox Sapphire①2016 North American Vintage Champion
Mox Sapphire①2019 Asia Vintage Champion
Mr. Orfeo, the Boulder①Once he was jumped by a dozen Maestros agents. You can still see their imprints in the pavement if you know where to look.
Mtenda Griffin①"Unlike Zhalfir, the griffin needs no council to keep harmony among its parts."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Mtenda Herder①"All animals-even humans-can be herded. The trick is to make them think they choose their own destination."↵-Mangara
Mtenda Lion①"The lion drank that lake right up! In thanks, he gave Siti the power to speak with lions and make them leave the goats alone."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Muck Rats①"Just as some fool said it couldn't get worse, the rats began to show up."↵-Alaborn soldier
Muck Rats①"Just as some fool said it couldn't get worse, the rats began to show up."↵-Foot soldier
Muck Rats①The difference between a nuisance and a threat is often merely a matter of numbers.
Mudbrawler Cohort①Before a raid, the members of Wort's gang egg each other on with tales of their hunger and what they'll do to sate it, each outdoing the last.
Mudbrawler Raiders①To reach the ravine of the Wanderbrine River, they were told to take the shortcut "through the mountains." They took the directions literally.
Mudbutton Torchrunner①The oil sloshes against his skull as he nears his destination: the Frogtosser Games and the lighting of the Flaming Boggart.
Mudhole①"Doing okay back there, Tarv? Tarv?"
Mugging①Scream: muffled. Pockets: emptied. Neck function: never the same again.
Mukotai Ambusher①The Mukotai Reckoners specialize in stealth and subterfuge.
Mulch①"Tread carefully. You remember what happened in the last quiet, peaceful clearing."↵-Halana, to Alena
Mulch①Hope is the one crop that can grow in any climate.
Mulch①The land knows no difference between the graves of commoners and nobles.
Muldrotha, the Gravetide①"My child grew from rot and ruin, yet she bloomed."↵-Multani
Muldrotha, the Gravetide①Yargle hadn't bargained on her showing up.
Mulldrifter①"Be you, be free, live happily!"
Multani's Decree①"This is my place of power. Nothing can take root here unless I allow it."↵-Multani, maro-sorcerer
Multani's Harmony①"Welcome to paradise."
Multani's Presence①When a tree falls in the forest, Multani hears it.
Multani, Maro-Sorcerer①"To make peace with the forest, make peace with me."↵-Multani, to Urza
Multani①In mentoring apprentice mages, the forest spirit Multani teaches each to respect nature while making use of its gifts. Multani taught Gerrard, Mirri, and Rofellos to hone their spellcasting in tandem with more physical disciplines so that both would be improved.
Mummy Paramount①"It appears some mummies have begun to observe a hierarchy all their own."↵-Elekh, vizier of embalming
Munda's Vanguard①"Do not let yourselves fall now. Zendikar is depending on us-on you!"
Mundungu①"Our buried kings silently await the revolt of dead peasants."↵-Tuwile, mundungu of Aku
Mungha Wurm①Cities have crumbled under its weight.
Munitions Expert①When dealing with goblins, if it isn't nailed down, it's headed your way.
Muraganda Petroglyphs①Some mages forsake their scrolls and libraries to learn at the feet of ancient trees and sacred stones.
Murasa Behemoth①The loss of its hunting grounds made it all the more dangerous.
Murasa Brute①Some adventuring parties are made up of old friends, their common bonds bolstering them in the face of peril. Other parties simply hire the biggest, meanest muscle they can find.
Murasa Pyromancer①"Fire is my accomplice. For enough coin, it can be yours as well."
Murasa Ranger①"If you're not prepared to fight, you'd best be prepared to die."
Murasa Rootgrazer①Few other creatures so closely embody Murasa's rapid cycles of growth.
Murasa Sproutling①The seeds of memory grow eternal.
Murder Investigation①"Every death has a web of consequences. Our job is to find the spider."
Murder of Crows①Even more than carrion, they crave the last words of the dying.
Murderer's Axe①Though the first who raised it in a fit of passion is long dead, the axe still carries memories of bitter scorn.
Murderous Betrayal①In darkness, the assassin sneaked into the village and destroyed what Eladamri loved most: his daughter.
Murderous Betrayal①Which hurts more: a sword in the gut or a dagger in the back?
Murderous Compulsion①"Thank you. This blade becomes so hot in my hand, but your blood has quenched it."
Murderous Cut①The blades of a Sultai assassin stab like the fangs of a dragon.
Murderous Spoils①Scavengers are always the first to pay their respects.
Murder①"By fate or by will, every reign must come to an end."↵-Kethis, the Hidden Hand
Murder①"It's not work if you enjoy it."
Murder①"No matter how busy my schedule gets, I always try to take time for that personal touch."↵-Queen Marchesa
Murder①"Pave your path to the throne with yet another body if you must, Sarevok. It will make your stolen godhood no less false."↵-Gorion, wise mentor
Murder①Ob Nixilis decided the fastest way to seize control of New Capenna would be to usurp the networks of power already hidden there. Xander's Maestros were the first to fall.
Murk Dwellers①When Raganorn unsealed the catacombs, he found more than the dead and their treasures.
Murk Strider①If you can see it, it's too late.
Murkwater Pathway①"Here, at least, the danger is usually in plain sight."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Murmuring Mystic①Rumors float through the city like crows, alighting on citizens seemingly at random.
Murmuring Phantasm①"The most insidious thing in the world is nonsense that sounds just plausible enough to listen to."↵-Lazav
Murmurs from Beyond①Like pools of fog that hid treacherous rocks from sailors' eyes, so too were the hands of the kami.
Muscle Burst①As strong as a centaur's will.
Muscle Sliver①The air was filled with the cracks and snaps of flesh hardening as the new sliver joined the battle.
Muse Drake①A composer wrote a symphony based on the drakes screeching outside her window. Reviews were mixed-except among the drakes.
Mutagenic Growth①"Sympathy is for weaklings. Whoever survives, wins."↵-Benzir, archdruid of Temple Might
Mutant's Prey①Every street corner is a hunting ground, every citizen potential prey.
Mutavault①Some changelings born at Velis Vel never return, but their essence never leaves.
Mutavault①Some worlds possess a hidden core where life's essence constantly surges.
Mutilate①"It's only torture if you're strong enough to survive. Otherwise, it's a simple, gruesome death. I'm happy either way."↵-Liliana Vess
Mutilate①"They appreciate my handiwork. I hear their joy in every scream."↵-Chainer, dementia master
Mutilate①"You mortals turn to dust in the blink of an eye. I only expedite your fate."
Mutilate①Liliana developed a fondness for the moment when roaring becomes squealing.
Mutiny①Pirate captains rarely enjoy a peaceful retirement.
Mutual Destruction①Hunter and hunted both died thinking they had outwitted the other.
Muzzle①Clenched teeth do not bite.↵-Cho-Arrim saying
Mwonvuli Acid-Moss①"Life gives way to death, and death to new life. Nature feeds upon her own decay."↵-Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Mwonvuli Beast Tracker①"The more dangerous, the better."
Mwonvuli Ooze①"Ewww!"
My First Tome①This card is named My First Tome.
My Genius Knows No Bounds①"I can see . . . everything. The beginning and the end of time. The raw edges of reality. And now I see exactly how to kill you."
My Laughter Echoes①"Groveling already? I'm just starting to enjoy myself."
My Wish Is Your Command①"Indulge me. Just one spell. One potentially fatal spell gone horribly awry."
Mycoid Shepherd①As pure mana flooded across the shards, it brought a sense of unity even to Jund's vicious food chain.
Myconid Spore Tender①Myconid colonies grow and expand at an aggressive rate, but they are friendly and peaceful unless provoked.
Mycosynth Fiend①"I wish I could take credit for it, but nature progresses on its own, just the way it should."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Mycosynth Wellspring①The oil created the mycosynth. The mycosynth created New Phyrexia.
Myr Adapter①"The simplest way to plan ahead is merely to be ready for everything."↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Myr Enforcer①Most myr monitor other species. Some myr monitor other myr.
Myr Galvanizer①"We can't quite determine what they're doing, but they seem to be doing it quite well."↵-Vedalken research notes
Myr Landshaper①One thing the myr can't do is enjoy the scenery.
Myr Mindservant①It knows what you are planning, and does not approve.
Myr Moonvessel①Memnarch created the myr with three qualities in mind: dependability, controllability, and disposability.
Myr Propagator①"We will ingest and remake this world in our image, not unlike some admirable designs I have seen here."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Myr Quadropod①Each myr was designed to fill a specific role. This one, for example, was designed to stomp on other myr.
Myr Reservoir①A mana well as bottomless as the myr are tireless.
Myr Retriever①Mephidross gives up treasure easily . . . as long as you take its place.
Myr Retriever①Mephidross gives up treasure easily … as long as you take its place.
Myr Scrapling①"They're useful creatures, but quite replaceable. I find it best not to get too attached."↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Myr Servitor①The Krark Clan enjoys pulling them apart just to watch them reassemble one another.
Myr Sire①For the Phyrexians, death is not an end, nor a one-time occurrence.
Myr Superion①Two kinds of myr survive: the powerful and those that stay close by them.
Myr Welder①Memnarch designed some myr to follow the levelers and reaffix lost parts. Mirran partisans put that instinct to good use.
Myrkul's Invoker①"Your death will make a fine tribute for the Lord of Bones."
Myrsmith①The Auriok see the artificer as a conduit, beckoning new creations into the world.
Mysteries of the Deep①"The Roil is destructive, but not random. It's Zendikar's way of revealing secrets."↵-Ilori, merfolk falconer
Mysterious Egg①"A good forage if you can find it, but eat it before you get back to sanctuary. The guards won't let you bring it through the gates."↵-Dennae, Savai hunter
Mysterious Pathlighter①For good or ill, most fae can't resist meddling in the adventures of any knight they meet.
Mysterious Tome①The villagers pored through the old storybook, hoping that one of the tales within might hold some clue to saving the fading sun.
Mystic Archaeologist①The delight of discovery drives the pursuit of knowledge.
Mystic Compass①"And *I* say north is where I *want* it to be!"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Mystic Decree①"Curse Reveka, and curse her coddled conjurers. Their sorcerers' school shall yet be ours."↵-Irini Sengir
Mystic Familiar①They soar, and the mystics follow.
Mystic Gate①The gate of every kithkin doun is a cunning trap, intended to spill visitors into an oubliette from which there is no escape.
Mystic Genesis①"The Simic can grow anything out of a puddle of sludge. I just hope they never join forces with the Golgari."↵-Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Mystic Meditation①"Still the mind and quiet the heart. Only then will you hear the Multiverse's great truths."↵-Narset
Mystic Melting①The sun-hot glow radiated from the druids, leaving scattered metal in steaming pools as it passed.
Mystic Monastery①When asked how many paths reach enlightenment, the monk kicked a heap of sand. "Count," he smiled, "and then find more grains."
Mystic Monstrosity①Under the light of an unnatural moon, it walked out on legs of straw with joints of hinges ripped from the barn doors.
Mystic Redaction①"I'm sorry, but this information is classified."
Mystic Redaction①Action: Show GLOWING BLUE GLYPHS being TORN out of a GRIMOIRE, leaving BLANK PAGES behind.
Mystic Remora①The bond between spellcaster and familiar allows the mage to detect even the smallest of magical ripples-and use them to their advantage.
Mystic Repeal①"No power is too great to be undone."↵-Karametra, god of harvests
Mystic Skull①It waited on the barn wall for decades, forgotten, looking for the perfect opportunity.
Mystic Skyfish①The problem wasn't that fish had learned how to fly. It was that sharks had adapted to follow them.
Mystic Snake①Its fangs are in your flesh before its hiss leaves your ears.
Mystic Veil①"Magic is my thread, my will the needle. I weave over you as if you never were."↵-Poetics of Hanan
Mystic Visionary①"The aven are heralds of divinity. The greatest glory is to join them in the sky."
Mystic Zealot①Nomad youths aspire to one of two roles in the tribe: priest or warrior. Their secret dream is to become both.
Mystic of the Hidden Way①"There are many different paths. The Great Teacher reveals them all."
Mystic of the Hidden Way①"There are no obstacles, only different paths."
Mystical Dispute①"Poor, lost mage. Your feet are on land, yet you're in over your head, aren't you?"
Mystical Tutor①"It's not just what you know. It's knowing where to find what you don't."
Mystical Tutor①"Now, did I file that away under 'C' for 'Combo' or 'F' for 'Finisher?'"
Mystical Tutor①"To the tutors, a 'poem of sand' was of little account, a 'poem of ivory,' priceless."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Mystical Tutor①The student searches the world for meaning. The master finds worlds of meaning in the search.
Myth Unbound①There are precious few names that echo throughout the Multiverse.
Mythic Proportions①The blood of Krosa turns rational beings into primal forces.
Mythos of Brokkos①"The most unexpected weapon that a monster can wield is kindness."↵-*Tales of the Ozolith*
Mythos of Nethroi①"And then the shadow took living form, and the shadow devoured the man whole-body, mind, and soul."↵-*Tales of the Ozolith*
Naban, Dean of Iteration①"Perfect. Now do it again."
Nacatl Hunt-Pride①"We must hunt and kill the dragon before it can return to raze our ancient city."
Nacatl Outlander①Survival in the wilds of Naya left Tiyan well equipped to win the civilized battles of Bant.
Nacatl Savage①"Blades dull and armor dents. Marisi taught us that instinct is the only thing a true warrior needs."↵-Ajani
Nadier's Nightblade①Checking around every corner doesn't help if you forget to look up.
Naga Eternal①"I recognize that headdress. This one was feared even by her fellow initiates."↵-Samut
Naga Oracle①"All questions will be answered during the Hour of Revelation."
Naga Vitalist①"The lands of the God-Pharaoh are suffused with his breath."
Nahiri's Binding①"This is my world, Jace, down to its very bones."
Nahiri's Lithoforming①"Zendikar has suffered enough. It is time, at last, for my home to know peace."
Nahiri's Machinations①"Sorin, I'm going to take everything from you."
Nahiri's Stoneblades①The ancient Planeswalkers Sorin and Nahiri battled across Ravnica, their blows cutting as deep as their grudge.
Nahiri's Wrath①"You brought this upon yourself, Sorin!"
Naiad of Hidden Coves①"Wave-borne, he watches over secrets of the shore."↵-Psemilla, Meletian poet
Nakaya Shade①Made strong by reckless magic. Made horrid by reckless strife.
Nalathni Dragon①These small but intelligent Dragons and their Olesian allies held back the tide of Pashalik Mons's hordes of Goblin Raiders.↵*DragonCon 1994*
Name Dropping①Gemini (May 21-June 21) This week is a good time to branch out and meet others. But don't forget your roots. Avoid commitments and open flames.
Nameless Conqueror①"In the wake of the Kami War, Kamigawa descended into a state of constant warfare. Even with Kyodai's wisdom guiding them, it took the first Imperials decades of work and bloodshed to subdue the clans and bring peace to the land."↵-*History of the Empire*
Nameless Inversion①Just as a changeling's influence can have dramatic effects, so too can its sudden withdrawal.
Nameless One①"Open your mind to me."
Nantuko Cultivator①"Every seed holds strength and teaches patience."
Nantuko Disciple①Unanswered prayers are themselves answers.↵-Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Elder①Plant a field with wishes, and you will grow more wishes.↵-Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Husk①"The soul sheds light, and death is its shadow. When the light dims, life and death embrace."↵-Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Husk①The soul sheds light, and death is its shadow. When the light dims, life and death embrace.↵-Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Mentor①That which grows without roots cannot be uprooted.↵-Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Shade①"If the Nantuko only knew what awaits them beyond death, they would abandon all they hold dear."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Nantuko Shade①In life, the nantuko study nature by revering it. In death, they study nature by disemboweling it.
Nantuko Tracer①Your past is a map to where you will go.↵-Nantuko teaching
Naomi, Pillar of Order①"Progress comes only when we rise above our petty quarrels."
Narcolepsy①"It's so cute when it's sleeping, isn't it? Actually, it's still as abhorrent as ever, but at least it's not trying to kill us."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Narcomoeba①"What bait do you cast to catch a dream?"↵-Ravnican riddle
Narcomoeba①It was created by the Iquati as a living memory-one that objects to being forgotten.
Narfi, Betrayer King①To serve the god of death, Narfi forfeited the warmth of life.
Narnam Cobra①Some say tales of the Narnam greenhouse are told to scare the children, but every tale grows from a seed of truth.
Narnam Renegade①"I do not need to pierce your heart to still its beating."
Narrow Escape①"A good explorer has to be as slippery as a gomazoa, as tough as a scute bug, and luckier than a ten-fingered trapfinder."↵-Arhana, Kazandu trapfinder
Narrow Escape①He could find no strength left to budge, no power left to fight, no will left to live. Luckily, they could find him.
Narset's Reversal①"In the disarray of battle, an enemy's attack may be your most convenient weapon."↵-Narset
Narstad Scrapper①"Finally, the principles of corpse animation applied to bloodless materials!"↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Narwhal①"Who needs a spear? Ya break off the horn, and ya stab the fish with it. Easy!"↵-Kakra, Sea Troll
Narwhal①"Who needs a spear? Ya break off the horn, and ya stab the fish with it. Easy!"↵-Kakra, sea troll
Nath of the Gilt-Leaf①A savage hunter with a prince's bearing.
Nath's Buffoon①Smik learned the elvish dance quickly enough. The most difficult, yet most important step was to stay out of Nath's sight until called to perform.
Natural Affinity①As long as the dryads are a part of the forest, the forest is a part of the army.
Natural Connection①"Zendikar will not surrender, and neither can we."
Natural End①The haunted blade shattered, and the geist drifted gratefully to the Blessed Sleep.
Natural Obsolescence①"It is folly to believe your precious inventions will endure. All things return to the soil."↵-Nirav, Tirahar elder
Natural Order①"Nature is neither cruel nor kind. It operates on necessity, not sentiment."↵-Dina, Witherbloom mage-student
Natural Order①. . . but the price of Mangara's freedom was Asmira's life.
Natural Order①...but the price of Mangara's freedom was Asmira's life.
Natural Spring①"Jewels cannot be eaten nor gold drunk. What civilization trades, nature simply provides."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Natural Spring①Mirri listened intently, even as Hanna held the healing water to her lips. Would the sound of the spring drown out the elves' approach?
Natural Spring①The dying ask for water because they know it contains life.
Natural Spring①Though many have come to this place to wash their wounds, the water has never turned red.
Natural State①"Killing the Eldrazi is not enough. We must erase all memory of them from this world."↵-Greenweaver Mina
Naturalize①"And if you threaten me again, your shiny steel trousers will be sprouting daggerthorn vines."↵-Iveta, rooftop runner
Naturalize①"Better to let the sword go than to lose the arm with it."↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Naturalize①"From here, let the world be reborn."
Naturalize①"Nature does not need adornment."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Naturalize①"One touch of nature makes the whole world kin."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*Troilus and Cressida*
Naturalize①"Stone and thought fade into ruin. Only the wind in the leaves will endure."↵-Tomb inscription
Naturalize①"The scholars wept when we destroyed the hedron. I had no such pity. What would this world be like had we done so sooner?"↵-*The War Diaries*
Naturalize①"Well, it also makes a very nice flower pot. . . ."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Naturalize①"When your cities and trinkets crumble, only nature will remain."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Naturalize①If you want to destroy something lifeless, make it live.
Naturalize①The idols of old are rich in minerals and magic. They are torn apart when nature aims to eat well.
Naturalize①The remains of ancient civilizations litter the run-down land.
Naturalize①The remains of ancient sky tyrants now feed the war-torn land.
Nature's Blessing①"Be open to the blessings, whatever their form."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Blessing①"Be open to the blessings, whatever their form."↵-Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Chant①"Plant every sword. Embrace every soul."↵-Trostani
Nature's Claim①"On this plane, the use of magic can provoke a ferocious reprisal from nature. Whoever the Eldrazi were, their relics left Zendikar forever enraged."↵-Jace Beleren
Nature's Claim①"The timeless, tireless jaws of nature shall one day devour us all."↵-Sildark, artificer of Omu
Nature's Kiss①I cradle my rage even as the earth cradles my dead kin.↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Nature's Lore①"Every seed planted is another lesson the forest can teach us."↵-Arathel, elvish queen
Nature's Lore①"Fyndhorn is our home."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Lore①"Fyndhorn is our home."↵-Kolbjorn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Lore①"Greetings, tired traveler."
Nature's Lore①"It is in our nature to recognize beauty, but to repeat it-ah, that is another feat altogether."↵-Hannah of Verdura
Nature's Lore①Druidcraft is a simple invocation to spirits of nature, promising a glimpse of nature's secrets.
Nature's Lore①Every seed planted is another lesson the forest can teach us.
Nature's Lore①Nature's secrets can be read on every tree, every branch, every leaf.
Nature's Panoply①Nature protects its own.
Nature's Resurgence①"The dead whisper to the living. If you listen, you will learn."↵-Maro
Nature's Resurgence①Spring follows winter↵-Elvish expression meaning "all things pass"
Nature's Revolt①"One day the land will don the semblance of flesh and challenge even the plowshare's blade."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Nature's Revolt①The land rises up to defend against those who would spoil its beauty.
Nature's Ruin①One chill blast-the exhalation of the grave.
Nature's Spiral①"As Argoth's last defenders fell to Urza's juggernauts, Titania said, 'Nature cannot be destroyed, only changed.'"↵-*The Antiquities War*
Nature's Spiral①Like nature, the fern spirals back on itself, eternally seeking its own center.
Nature's Spiral①Snail shell, fern, tornado-the world connects all things in form.
Nature's Way①Many elves incorporate the beauty of nature into their inventions. Very few capture its savagery.
Nature's Will①"Without the kami to speak to nature on our behalf, we must beg help from nature directly."↵-Seshiro the Anointed
Nausea①"Was it something I said?"
Nausea①Any mogg will tell you there's nothing more nauseating than the smell of cute.
Nausea①No fear. No sense. And soon, no lunch.
Nav Squad Commandos①Funded by the Azorius to keep current maps of the undercity, the Boros nav squads survey even the most unsavory areas.
Navigation Orb①Travel the world without ever leaving the comfort of home.
Navigator's Compass①The *Weatherlight* can no longer planeshift, but it can traverse Dominaria with ease.
Navigator's Ruin①"You won't be needing this. Or this. Or these . . ."
Naya Battlemage①"I have trained in all three schools of magic."
Naya Charm①Deep in nature's core lies a potential unsullied by greed or civilization.
Naya Panorama①Between the thunderous footfalls of Naya's behemoths lie moments of perfect quiet.
Naya Sojourners①The elves had entered a land like an open grave-an act of fortitude or folly?
Near-Death Experience①Lands ravaged, cities in ruins, so many lives sacrificed, and yet there was no other word for it but victory.
Nearby Planet①"Here's a nice place we haven't hit yet."↵-Captain Rex Nebula
Nearheath Stalker①"Do not speak of this to the elders. They look unfavorably upon my indulgences."
Nebelgast Beguiler①A moment of distraction, an hour off course.
Neck Breaker①He can't outrun what he is.
Neck Snap①"We merrows need not be disadvantaged when fighting on land. We lack the vulnerability of those who breathe only through their throats."↵-Minnarin, merrow reejerey
Necra Disciple①"The darkness merely hides the light."
Necratog①The necratog can always dig up a meal.
Necrite①"Ever see a wall drop dead of fright, kid? It ain't pretty."↵-Cpl. Dobbs
Necrite①Necrites killed Jherana Rure, ending the counter-insurgency.
Necrite①Necrites killed Jherana Rure, ending the counterinsurgency.
Necrite①Was it the sight, smell, or aura of the Necrite that killed so effectively?
Necrobite①A servant of Pharika must know countless balms that heal and soothe-and countless more that do the opposite.
Necrobite①An undead snake doesn't bite in self-defense. It hungers as any zombie, never sated.
Necroblossom Snarl①A hungry lair of flourishing rot.
Necroduality①"Geralf's prowess continues to grow. He can now replicate my own creations with near-perfect accuracy."↵-Ludevic's laboratory notes
Necrogen Censer①Moriok necromancers actively spread necrogen, encouraging the transformation from Mirran to nim.
Necrogen Mists①Mephidross filled with roars of fury and wails of despair as the leonin fought to keep their memories from being pulled into the mists.
Necrogen Scudder①Contrary to popular belief, it's kept aloft by necrogen gas, not the screaming agony of a thousand murdered souls.
Necrogen Spellbomb①"Forget that which was never known."↵-Spellbomb inscription
Necrogenesis①"Those may be the squirms of one life ending or of another beginning. Either way, I'd leave it alone."↵-Rakka Mar
Necrologia①"My enemies' death yields threefold benefit: removal, reuse, and research."↵-Volrath
Necromancer's Assistant①Zombies and necromancers agree: easy access to brains is preferred.
Necromancer's Stockpile①The experiments decided to perform some research of their own.
Necromantic Selection①It shambled from the cloud of ash and bone dust, undeterred by its own extinction.
Necron Overlord①"This galaxy once knelt before us, and it will do so again."
Necropolis Regent①"Jarad fancies himself king of the undercity, but he's merely king of rot."
Necrosavant①"Ah, I remember my first death."↵-Zarkuu, necrosavant
Necrotic Fumes①When live specimens aren't readily available, Witherbloom mages make creative use of ragged spirits clinging to long-dead bodies.
Necrotic Hex①"You foolish knights pound your breastplates and vow to fight until your last breath. As if that's when it ends."↵-Tormod, the Desecrator
Necrotic Ooze①"To death all must go, and so in death lies ultimate power."↵-Geth, Lord of the Vault
Necrotic Ooze①It looks like currant jam, smells like death, and tastes a bit like both.
Necrotic Sliver①Though Volrath is long dead, the slivers have become everything he wanted them to be: mindless instruments of destruction and despair.
Necrotic Wound①The assassins of the Ochran distill toxins from the remains of their previous victims.
Nectar Faerie①"The unpredictable fae are just as likely to provide a blight as a boon."↵-Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Need for Speed①His feet buckled the ground, his hands cut the wind to ribbons, and he was gone.
Needle Drop①"First it was plovers and mulldrifters. Now it's knitting needles the size of javelins."↵-Calydd, kithkin farmer
Needle Storm①The rain is driven like nails.
Needlebite Trap①The traps around the vampire city of Malakir hint at the thirst of its inhabitants.
Needlebug①Near Tel-Jilad, the Tangle is almost silent, save for the trolls' chants and the skittering of needlebugs.
Needlepeak Spider①"It's a testament to the forests' devastation that giant spiders now make their homes amid Dominaria's barren spires."↵-Aznaph, greenseeker
Needleshot Gourna①The first aven scout squad returned from Krosa with disturbing stories. The second returned with disturbing casualties.
Needlethorn Drake①As they learn to fly, young drakes have a tendency to accidentally impale trees, cliffs, and unsuspecting students.
Needletooth Raptor①It hatches with its ferocity fully grown.
Needleverge Pathway①"Once you really trust the rope, you'll learn to sleep standing up."↵-Akiri, kor line-slinger
Nef-Crop Entangler①"If you do not feel the thrill of battle, alive like a flame, you will never triumph."
Nefarious Imp①It listens to all of their plans and plots creative ways to turn them to ruin.
Nefashu①Where the nefashu pass, blood rolls like a silk carpet.
Negate①"As one, nature lifts its voice to tell you this: 'No.'"
Negate①"Eventually, everything returns to silence."↵-Zarra, lullmage
Negate①"It is fascinating to see how the people of this plane replicate magical techniques without a natural gift. Also frustrating."↵-Jace Beleren
Negate①"It's frustrating, isn't it, to be so weak and ineffectual? Don't worry, you'll be *compleat* soon enough."↵-Rona
Negate①"Shatter your opponent's spell with enough force, and you'll shatter their confidence with it."↵-*Tome of Obstructions*, marginalia
Negate①"The ancient kor were a clever bunch with a taste for nasty traps. Spikes, poison, fire pouring forth with no warning . . . I've seen and disabled them all. If you intend to raid a Skyclave, you'd be wise to hire me on."
Negate①"You cannot be an Ojutai monk. They prize wisdom and skill, and you have neither."↵-Siara, the Dragon's Mouth
Negate①Masters of the arcane savor a delicious irony. Their study of deep and complex arcana leads to such a simple end: the ability to say merely yes or no.
Neglected Heirloom①"There is a rich history in a blade like this."↵-Old Rutstein
Neheb, the Eternal①"This is what glory looks like."↵-Nicol Bolas
Nekrataal①"I have seen the horrors Kaervek has freed. My Betrayal is certain-but of Kaervek or of Jamuraa, I cannot say."↵-Jolrael
Nekrataal①"I have seen the horrors Kaervek has freed. My betrayal is certain-but of Kaervek or of Jamuraa, I cannot say."↵-Jolrael
Nekrataal①"You can't protect them all, Jace."↵-Vraska
Nekrataal①His victims don't have time to feel despair.
Nekusar, the Mindrazer①His enemies wondered if the lich king's brutal death and unnatural rebirth had been his plan all along.
Nema Siltlurker①In one gargantuan bite, it will swallow not only you but also the riverbank you were standing on.
Nemesis Phoenix①A flame as bright and merciless as the sun.
Nemesis of Reason①Words describing it fail. Pages relating it shrivel. Tales recounting it end.
Neonate's Rush①"We spend our entire existence pursuing the joy of our first night's feast."↵-Anje Falkenrath
Nephalia Academy①"May knowledge be our sanctuary."↵-Yora, academy researcher
Nephalia Drownyard①"Some see a coastal disaster. I see a fully-stocked seagraf."↵-Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Nephalia Seakite①"Keep one eye on the cliff road or you may fall to your death. Keep one eye on the sky or your death may fall on you."↵-Manfried Ulmach, Elgaud Master-at-Arms
Nephalia Smuggler①"My drivers are trustworthy. I removed their tongues myself. Any other questions?"
Nerf War①"I'll tell you one thing-it's not nothin'!"↵-Garj Grabclaw, goblin sergeant
Nessian Asp①It's not the two heads you should fear. It's the four fangs.
Nessian Boar①Renata led the best hunters in all of Theros on a quest to bring down the terror of the Setessan wilds.
Nessian Courser①Khestes the Adamant, the Champion's closest ally among the centaurs, took one stone to his shoulder and another to his flank. He held his stride and his aim, and let fly the arrow that killed the giant Grinthax.↵-*The Theriad*
Nessian Hornbeetle①"The first rule of politics can be learned from a lowly hornbeetle: it is wise to cultivate powerful friends."↵-Pythamon, sage of Meletis
Nest Invader①It nurtures its masters' glorious future.
Nest Robber①"These sailors on our shores are like the dinosaurs that plunder eggs from nests. They live on the labors of others."↵-Itzama the Crested
Nest of Scarabs①"They are small, but they always want more. Learn from them."↵-Bontu, god of ambition
Nested Ghoul①"The chest cavity is cleared of useless meat. I know just what to do with the space."↵-Gyed, Vault Priest
Nested Shambler①Home is where the heart was.
Nesting Grounds①Dappled coats become armored hides. Soft jaws become razor tusks. Nestling play becomes the fight for survival.
Netcaster Spider①In the jungles of Tazeem, aerial assault is not always advantageous.
Netcaster Spider①It is an expert at culling individuals who stray too far from the herd.
Nether Horror①"My dreams darkened and seeped into my waking hours. Spellcraft and nightmare merged to create this monstrosity."↵-Sunniva, witch of Holm Hollow
Nether Spirit①Four walls and a roof won't provide safety from that which is buried.
Nether Spirit①It roams in both the worlds of the living and the dead but belongs to neither.
Nether Void①These days, some wizards are finding that they have a little too much spell left at the end of their mana.
Netherborn Altar①It is spoken of only in whispers, visited only by the desperate.
Netherese Puzzle-Ward①Each configuration reveals a potential future.
Netter en-Dal①The wizard's vocabulary of mogg profanities increased with every net she cast.
Nettle Sentinel①Though Shadowmoor's monster-haunted wilds beckon, she never leaves her post.
Nettle Swine①"I killed one and found bricks and bones in its belly. It had eaten a whole cottage, thatch and all."↵-Paulin, Somberwald trapper
Nettletooth Djinn①"The few of us who survived were denied entry to our camp for two days-so like the pox were the marks we bore."↵-*Travelogue of Najat*
Nettling Curse①"I call them 'Poke' and 'Prod.'"↵-Chagrach, Rakdos cursemage
Network Disruptor①"Just as I suspected. They thought they'd hidden the terminal, so they got lazy with the encryption."
Network Terminal①Public access terminals around Towashi provide residents with up-to-date information on everything from traffic delays to hostile kami sightings.
Neurok Commando①"There's no more time for secluded study. Answers are there only for those with the courage to take them."
Neurok Invisimancer①"They won't see your shadow or hear your breath, but they will feel your blade."
Neurok Prodigy①"Why should I be bound by rules when I can see so far beyond them?"
Neurok Replica①All the curiosity of the Neurok with only a trace of their duplicity.
Neurok Spy①From the murk of Mephidross to the heart of Kuldotha, the vedalken send their servants forth to gather knowledge from every inch of Mirrodin.
Neutralize①On Ikoria, reactive magic can make the difference between barely grazed and really dead.
Neutralizing Blast①"To defeat your enemies, you must remove their ability to make war against you."
Never Happened①Dimir assassins have the precision to slay a single memory.
Nevermore①"By the law of Avacyn, the following thoughts, words, and deeds are henceforth disallowed."
Neverwinter Dryad①Its life force entwined with its tree, a dryad is an elusive and solitary being that wishes only to be left alone.
Nevinyrral's Disk①Nevinyrral's final act of spite was to make sure all of his magic was destroyed along with him.
New Blood①"Now isn't that better?"↵-Olivia Voldaren
New Frontiers①Spreading a blanket of growth to warm a weary world.
New Perspectives①Understanding is a matter of perspective.
Nexos①The blessed union of gun, claw, and merciless intent is a force to be truly feared.
Nexus Wardens①The Summer Nexus is a holy grove in Setessa where the starfields of Nyx glitter in the shadows.
Nexus of Fate①Sarkhan wandered into a tomb and back in time.
Nezumi Bladeblesser①"It's not one or the other, kami or technology. Both offer power. I will not limit myself."
Nezumi Bone-Reader①Four generations ago, old Split-Tail stole a bundle of scrolls from the Minamo School. Soon after, the first nezumi shamans were born.
Nezumi Cutthroat①"The nezumi will do things for money no other thinking creature would consider. This, of course, makes them useful beyond words."↵-Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Nezumi Cutthroat①"These nezumi, they disgust me. The things they will do for money no other thinking creature would consider. This, of course, makes them useful beyond words."↵-Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Nezumi Road Captain①United by defiant pride in their outsider status, the nezumi of the Okiba Reckoners boast the most advanced cyberbikes and the best riders of all the Reckoner gangs.
Nezumi Ronin①"Some nezumi became as skilled in the samurai arts as the humans and kitsune. Yet no lord would have them, so they sold their swords to the highest bidder."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Nezumi Shadow-Watcher①"The Okiba Gang! Night-cursed thieves and assassins! I've had enough of their meddling! Triple the guard!"↵-Marrow-Gnawer
Niall Silvain①This is his domain, and while you remain here you must value all life as you value your own.
Niambi, Faithful Healer①"My father will be happy to see you."
Niblis of Dusk①It fuels its lanterns by leaching the warmth from its surroundings.
Niblis of the Breath①"Why do the dead remain among us? Where is Flight Alabaster to lead them home? Where is Avacyn?"↵-Eruth of Lambholt
Niblis of the Mist①"Not even a roaring fire could thaw the chill it put in my heart."↵-Vonn, geist-trapper
Niblis of the Urn①"I never had the nerve to open that bottle. I'll bet you're wishing right now you hadn't been so curious yourself."↵-Old Rutstein
Nicol Bolas①Dominaria's most ancient evil.
Night Market Aeronaut①"Death might come tomorrow, but today-today I am alive."
Night Market Guard①"One head watches for Consulate enforcers. The other watches for renegade thieves."↵-Crime Lord Gonti
Night Market Lookout①The Consulate rarely cracks the coded announcement of a night market's location before dawn, and enforcers are taken care of if they wander too close.
Night Revelers①Vampires think of themselves as the indisputable nobility of Innistrad, able to do as they please. There are few who can prove them wrong.
Night Shift of the Living Dead①At the Astrotorium, even the dead make a living wage.
Night Soil①"There were often more Thallids after a battle than before."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Night Soil①Some said killing the Thallids only encouraged them.
Night Soil①Some said killing the thallids only encouraged them.
Night Soil①The Elves gathered huge piles of rot to grow fungus. Out of imitation or forethought, the Thallids did the same.
Night Soil①The elves gathered huge piles of rot to grow fungus. Out of imitation or forethought, the thallids did the same.
Night Terrors①Innistrad is a place where dreams invade the mind and mere shadows exact a terrible toll.
Night of Souls' Betrayal①"How can we wage war against ourselves? What happens when the kami of our very souls rise against us? I answer simply: We cannot. We die. There can be no victory in this war."↵-Sensei Hisoka, letter to Lord Konda
Night's Whisper①"I have seen things that would reduce a weaker person to blubbering and raving. Want to hear about them?"↵-Vraska
Night's Whisper①The Moriok call the black moon the Whisperer. At her apex, she whispers of power.
Night's Whisper①The air seems full of specks, floating and circling in the draught from the window, and the lights burn blue and dim. What am I to do? God shield me from harm this night!
Nightbird's Clutches①Shiny polished silver can ward off many creatures, but it attracts others.
Nightcreep①"Please tell me I'm hallucinating. I'd rather be crazy than here."↵-Gorev Hadszak, Wojek investigator
Nightfire Giant①Nightfire turns the greatest weakness of the undead into formidable strength.
Nightguard Patrol①"The Wojek defend the laws. We defend the people."
Nighthawk Scavenger①Under Drana's leadership, vampires are finding new strength in unity.
Nighthaze①"To evade the brood lineages, one must be made dark to all the senses."↵-Traga, Zulaport runner
Nightmare Moon①"The night. . . will last. . .forever!"
Nightmare's Thirst①That feeling of something on your chest is usually sleep paralysis. Occasionally, it's something else.
Nightmare①As the poisoned land spreads, so does the nightmare's rage and terrifying strength.
Nightmare①The Nightmare arises from its lair in the swamps. As the poisoned land spreads, so does the Nightmare's rage and terrifying strength.
Nightmare①The nightmare arises from its lair in the swamps. As the poisoned land spreads, so does the nightmare's rage and terrifying strength.
Nightmare①The thunder of its hooves beats dreams into despair.
Nightmarish End①"To think some believe it peaceful to die in one's sleep."↵-Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Nightpack Ambusher①A strong leader means a growing pack.
Nightscape Familiar①Nightscape masters don't stop at raising the spirit of a fallen battlemage. They raise the flesh along with it.
Nightshade Harvester①"Anywhere the moonlight touches-that's my garden."
Nightshade Stinger①"Most faeries are harmless pranksters. Every now and again, though, you get one that crosses over from mischievous to malicious."↵-Gaddock Teeg
Nightsky Mimic①A mimic need only touch a being to learn its shape, but touching usually leads to mauling and messily eating.
Nightsnare①Ravnica would be safer if mere coin was all the Dimir could steal.
Nightsquad Commando①"The big fella sounds hungry. Let's send him to bed without his supper."
Nightstalker Engine①Part metal, part bone, and all death.
Nightveil Predator①"Three daggers left in an angel's back, three enforcers with memory loss, three keys stolen from my own belt-and you talk of peace?"↵-Tajic, to Aurelia
Nightveil Sprite①"We're on the fortieth floor, with one window, no balcony. No one could possibly get in."↵-Minosz, Orzhov chief of security
Nightwind Glider①Once you learn to float on the shadows, you'll never fear them again.
Nightwing Shade①"There is one hour of the night even we do not watch."↵-Sedva, captain of the watch
Nihilistic Glee①"All ends in obliteration-love in hatred, life in death, and light in empty darkness."
Nikya of the Old Ways①"The hooves of the Raze-Boar will trample the weak-and their city-to dust!"
Nim Abomination①It is one of the oldest nim, steeped so long in the Dross that it has lost all vestiges of humanity.
Nim Grotesque①In the swirling mists, you could walk right up to one and not know until its teeth are in your throat.
Nim Lasher①The rotting metal feeds the necrogen mists, and in turn the mists feed the nim.
Nim Replica①It kills with unfeeling malice.
Nim Shambler①Called "the Dross" by its inhabitants, Mephidross is home to the nim, Mirrodin's mindless, ravenous undead.
Nim Shrieker①As imps they were an annoyance. As nim they are a pestilence.
Nimana Sell-Sword①"He asked if I had work for him. No wasn't the right answer."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Nimana Skitter-Sneak①"When navigating dangerous terrain, one hundred legs are better than two."
Nimana Skydancer①The Free City of Nimana is a great place to recruit adventurers with shady skill sets.
Nimble Birdsticker①"What goes up must get stuck."
Nimble Innovator①"A failure is simply another opportunity for improvement. Just wait until you see what I come up with next."
Nimble Mongoose①Faster than a cobra's bite.
Nimble Mongoose①One thread connected all the travelers' stories: the ferocity of the mongoose.
Nimble-Blade Khenra①"In the Hour of Glory, the gods and the untested will prove their worth before the God-Pharaoh."↵-*The Accounting of Hours*
Nimbleclaw Adept①"Don't worry, I can reach it."
Nimblewright Schematic①"While it is certainly a unique touch, Jan, does the mustache really need to be there?"↵-High Artificer Andar Beech
Nimbus Maze①To find its center is to find one's own.
Nimbus Swimmer①The Simic soon discovered that the sky offered as few constraints on size as the sea.
Nimbus Wings①Explorers may find ways into the Sky Ruin, but they find its secrets well protected by shifting hedrons and Roil winds.
Nimbus of the Isles①The people of the Sevick Isles have a unique understanding of the term "ominous clouds."
Nin, the Pain Artist①"Your body is a delicate instrument that tells me truths. These devices help me 'tune' that instrument."
Nine-Ringed Bo①"We received an anonymous letter suggesting that Kumano holds a secret to defeating the kami, but he is nowhere to be found."↵-General Takeno, letter to Lord Konda
Nine-Tail White Fox①It has waited a millennium just for you, and for a millennium will it watch over your descendants.
Ninja of the New Moon①The night is the greatest ally of all.
Ninja's Kunai①A point to pierce flesh and spirit alike.
Ninth Bridge Patrol①The Consulate keeps watch at each of the eleven bridges to ensure that the market remains a haven for commerce, not for con artists.
Nip Gwyllion①Once your life and all your worldly possessions have been surrendered to her, a gwyllion can be surprisingly civilized.
Nira, Hellkite Duelist①"Keep rising."
Nirkana Assassin①Nirkana assassins craft incurable concoctions by mixing basilisk marrow and deathwillow sap with the vital fluids of a dozen other poisonous species.
Nirkana Revenant①Hate is an everlasting wellspring from which it is eternally sustained.
Nirkana Revenant①Hate is an everlasting wellspring from which she is eternally sustained.
Nishoba Brawler①Though native to cold climates, the nishoba have adapted to more temperate environments since the Ice Age ended.
Nissa's Chosen①"Nissa will save the elves, but only the ones who have proved their worth."
Nissa's Chosen①Once, Nissa selected worthy fighters to defend the Joraga. Now, she gathers forces to defend all of Zendikar.
Nissa's Defeat①"The soul of this world is gone, Nissa, and I would gladly kill it again."↵-Nicol Bolas
Nissa's Renewal①Her connection to the plane restored, Nissa felt the power of Zendikar surge through her.
Nissa's Revelation①The evil inside the mountain pulsed at Nissa in a shock wave of madness.
Nissa's Triumph①Her triumph came not from destroying the unnatural, but from fostering life.
Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius①He has no patience for minds that do not inspire him or explode by trying.
Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind①"(Z->)90° - (E-N²W)90°t = 1"
Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind①As brilliant as a cut diamond, and with just as cruel an edge.
Niveous Wisps①In a world devoid of sun, illumination comes from cheerless fires or the wandering spirits of the dead.
Nivix Guildmage①"The only action worth taking is one with an unknown outcome."
Nivix, Aerie of the Firemind①Niv-Mizzet's genius and vanity reverberate throughout the mirrored halls of Nivix.
Nivmagus Elemental①When it escaped, the experimenters hesitated. It would cause untold havoc, yet they wished to see it in action.
Nix①"There is no shortcut to work done true and well. The Creators learned this to their sorrow, the first time they made the world."↵-Githri the Prisoner
No Escape①Jace surmised that they were walking into Bolas's trap. He felt no joy in being right.
No Mercy①"If you wish to assassinate a master assassin, you'll have to do better than that."
No Mercy①"We had years to prepare, while they had mere minutes."↵-Kerrick, sleeper agent
No One Will Hear Your Cries①"Your companions were lucky to have died first."
No Quarter①As Gerrard and Greven neared each other, the moggs caught between them realized they should flee.
No Rest for the Wicked①"The soul? Here, we have no use for such frivolities."↵-Sitrik, birth priest
No Way Out①In the maze-like passages of the Erdwal, a wrong turn can be fatal.
No-Dachi①Not keen-edged enough for cutting armor, the no-dachi slew by folding its victim rapidly and violently under the weight of its impact.
Nobilis of War①"A great siege is a banquet to him; a long and terrible battle, the most exquisite delicacy."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Noble Elephant①"Proud am I, / strong am I, / courageous in defending my children / and fierce in punishing what stands in my way."↵-"So the Elephant Speaks," Zhalfirin song
Noble Hierarch①In all her years of vigil, her resolve has never faltered.
Noble Hierarch①She protects the sacred groves from blight, drought, and the Unbeholden.
Noble Panther①Unlike many hunters, these panthers have no need for camouflage. They're fast enough to catch any prey.
Noble Purpose①Fighting for the right reason is itself a source of strength.
Noble Stand①Soldiers will always endanger their lives to defend many other lives.
Noble Steeds①"Only an animal born in the wild has sufficient heart to be a true Knight's steed."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Noble Steeds①"They are fighters as fine as any Knight they carry."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skycaptain
Noble Vestige①Most spirits are chained to this world by their despair, but he remains tethered by his hope for better days.
Nocturnal Feeder①A living pulse is an irresistible temptation.
Nocturnal Raid①"The finest offering of night is not stealth but daring."↵-Tetlok, Breathstealer
Nocturnal Raid①The Eastern Paladin doesn't attack at night for the tactical advantage. He does it for the sheer joy of fighting beneath the moon.
Noggle Bandit①Noggles believe that they were the first race ever to walk Shadowmoor. They don't "steal." They just take back what's rightfully theirs.
Noggle Bridgebreaker①"It's always funny till someone gets hurt. Then it's hilarious."
Noggle Ransacker①Noggles live purely by what they can scavenge. There is not a single thing a noggle eats, wears, or uses that did not once belong to another.
Nogi, Draco-Zealot①"Glory to the Burning Ones! May their mighty fangs devour all foes!"
Nomad Decoy①If you can take something from a nomad, it's probably bait.
Nomad Mythmaker①Nomads weave tales thicker than tapestries.
Nomad Mythmaker①On the wild steppes, history vanishes in the dust. Only the mythmakers remain to say what was, and is, and will be.
Nomad Outpost①"Only the weak imprison themselves behind walls. We live free under the wind, and our freedom makes us strong."↵-Zurgo, khan of the Mardu
Nomad Outpost①The old woman murmured, her last words too hoarse, too quiet to understand. The Envoy steeled herself, feebly disguising her grief: "The pilgrimage begins at dawn."
Nomadic Elf①"I've journeyed across Dominaria. Phyrexians are everywhere. Plague is everywhere. There's no place left to hide."
Nomads en-Kor①The Kor forsake roots for the winding of the path; forsake voices for the silence of the mind; forsake all else for the poverty of isolation.
Nomads en-Kor①The kor forsake roots for the winding of the path, forsake voices for the silence of the mind, forsake all else for the poverty of isolation.
Non-Human Cannonball①Designed for maximum impact, comedic and otherwise.
Noose Constrictor①"More rope may not be necessary."↵-Kep, Lunarch inquisitor
Norika Yamazaki, the Poet①"The blades will have their say, but peace is built with words."
Norin the Wary①"I have a bad feeling about this."
Northern Paladin①"How smooth his face, how sure his thoughts. I look forward to breaking his mighty will."↵-The Eastern Paladin
Northern Paladin①"Look to the north; there you will find aid and comfort." -The Book of Tal
Northern Paladin①"Look to the north; there you will find aid and comfort."↵-*The Book of Tal*
Norwood Archers①"'Air superiority?' Not while our archers scan the skies."↵-Elvish scout
Norwood Ranger①Some trees bear deadly fruit.
Norwood Ranger①The song of the forest is in perfect harmony. If a single note is out of place, the elves will find its source.
Norwood Riders①"Trade my moose? Sure-when I find a *horse* that can spear ten goblins at a time!"
Norwood Warrior①"The woods hold peace for those who desire it, but those who seek battle will find me."
Nostalgic Dreams①Seton dreams of life renewed.
Nosy Goblin①To his surprise, Furt discovered that the strange creatures were not at all like bugs.
Not Forgotten①Visit the dead, and they may return the favor.
Notion Rain①City air is a constant drizzle of private thoughts.
Notorious Assassin①He wears his infamy like a fine silk shirt.
Nourish①Gelfruit grows abundantly wherever Sylvok druids live, as if the Tangle knows that humans are not as hardy as the beasts or as nimble as the elves.
Nova Cleric①"Our noblest thoughts are our very first and our very last."
Novablast Wurm①"The sun was born within its coils, but it fled to the sky. The wurm hungers for its child, and the world will bear its loss."↵-Screed of the Mul Daya
Novellamental①"My grandmother had sold the rest of her jewelry long ago, but she left a particular necklace in my care: a golden chain, bearing a raven-shaped charm."
Novellamental①"My heart filled with warmth, and I felt my feet lift from the ground. Suddenly, I was free-free to soar, the homes beneath me shrinking to specks on a map."
Novellamental①"The chain fit my neck perfectly, but my heart fluttered with chills as the cool metal came to rest against my chest. I closed the clasp and waited, silent."
Novellamental①"This pendant was my grandmother's legacy. I sought solitude among the trees as moonlight danced on their branches, her gift safe in my hand."
Novice Dissector①"The professor said to first extract the venom glands, then the acid sac. Next up, the . . . meeping organ?"
Novice Knight①Even the greatest hero begins with nothing.
Novice Occultist①All across Gavony, in shuttered bedrooms and locked barns, young people seek the answers their elders failed to provide.
Novijen, Heart of Progress①"The unnatural pressures of life in this city are best withstood by lifeforms that adapt with unnatural swiftness."↵-Momir Vig
Now I Know My ABC's①The quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf.
Now You See Me . . .①With enough showmanship, even mundane items like playing cards or molecular teleports can produced a mesmerizing spectacle.
Noxious Dragon①Dragons of Silumgar's brood begin to digest their prey even before consuming it, letting their caustic breath do much of the work.
Noxious Field①Ultimately, it became a three-way battle: the land attacked both armies.
Noxious Ghoul①Plague and death wrapped in one convenient package.
Noxious Grasp①"The bog doesn't give a stinking bubble about your title, wealth, or piety. It's just hungry."↵-Byaras, backwoods guide
Noxious Groodion①"Behold the groodion! Ichor-slurper, oozing fiend. Foulest wonder underground. Grandest vermin of them all!"↵-Zalin the Gutter Bard
Noxious Revival①"Dead or alive, my creations are stronger than Jin-Gitaxias's septic minions."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Noxious Vapors①Urborg would just as soon steal your memories as your life.
Noyan Dar, Roil Shaper①After many years as a lullmage, Noyan Dar turned his talents from allaying Zendikar's fury to the considerably easier task of rousing it.
Nucklavee①It loathes all tastes but two: spells and flesh.
Nuisance Engine①All Auriok children know the tale, "Bolgri and the Long Day of Squashing."
Null Brooch①Give away everything so others have nothing.↵-Brooch inscription
Null Caller①Zendikar's defenders include both healers and vampires. One way or another, the fallen will return to the fight.
Null Chamber①Discovered by Femeref mages, the Null Chamber is the ultimate testing ground for the uncreative.
Null Profusion①"Some say that time is cyclical and that history inevitably repeats. My will is my own. I won't bow to fate."↵-Volrath
Null Rod①Gerrard: "But it doesn't *do* anything!"↵Hanna: "No-it *does* nothing."
Null Rod①Gerrard: "But it doesn't do anything!" Hanna: "No-it does nothing."
Nullify①"Those who incur Thassa's anger will be swallowed whole by her waves, or torn asunder by her bident."↵-Thrasios, triton hero
Nullmage Advocate①"Our unity unmasks your deceit."
Nullmage Shepherd①The Skelle spent days carving runes and erecting their scorn poles. The herd crushed them to splinters in seconds.
Nullmage Shepherd①The shepherds work in secret, seeking out abominations against nature and returning them to earth and dust.
Nullstone Gargoyle①Nullstone absorbs and dampens most forms of magical energy, as well as light, sound, and heat.
Nulltread Gargantuan①It crushes all underfoot, yet leaves no trace of its passage-no trampled debris, no flattened souls, not even a hoofprint.
Numa, Joraga Chieftain①His blade carves a path for his people. His words guide them along it.
Numai Outcast①"Beware the blade of dishonor. It kills more silently than war, more quickly than age."↵-Sensei Golden-Tail
Number Crunch①Can you digit?
Nurgle's Conscription①"In the embrace of the great Nurgle, I am no longer afraid, for with His pestilential favour I have become that which I once most feared: Death."↵-Kulvain Hestarius of the Death Guard
Nurgle's Rot①Each plaguebearer is formed from the blighted soul of a mortal slain by Nurgle's Rot.
Nurturer Initiate①The elves alone preserve the few shreds of beauty left. There is no one else who cares.
Nurturing Peatland①New life is born within its shadows.
Nykthos Paragon①Action: Start with 190C and design a spirit known as an Eidolon that resembles a human solider carrying a large shield.
Nykthos Paragon①Though Heliod turned against humanity in his hunger for power, the ideals he once championed still stand strong.
Nylea's Colossus①"Those who seek my protection receive it."↵-Nylea, god of the hunt
Nylea's Colossus①"Those who seek my protection shall receive it."↵-Nylea, god of the hunt
Nylea's Forerunner①Where its feet tread, the thunder of many others will follow.
Nylea's Huntmaster①Nature is stillness and savagery in equal measure.
Nylea's Intervention①"I bring a wilderness no law can tame."
Nymris, Oona's Trickster①Mischief is its own reward.
Nyx Herald①"A piercing call, bright as the stars, rang out across the valley, calling the Pheres band to war, to blood and savagery."↵-Luphea of Setessa, *Histories*
Nyx Infusion①A balm or a poison depending on how it is administered, and to whom.
Nyx-Fleece Ram①The gods are fascinated by innocence, perhaps because it's a quality they themselves lack.
Nyxathid①Born of volcanic forces, it thrives on the absolute panic it inspires.
Nyxbloom Ancient①Ancient yet ever-young, it is wise and subtle-and cruel and reckless as the spring itself.
Nyxborn Brute①"One-eyed and frightful, the cyclops↵lifted a boulder and hurled it↵seaward from cliff's edge, shattering↵masts and scattering sailors."↵-*The Callapheia*
Nyxborn Colossus①"Tree-tall giants confronted her, fiercely demanding her tribute;↵Fox-cunning Callaphe's slippery speaking entangled their senses..."↵-*The Callapheia*
Nyxborn Courser①"Storms drove them westward to Ketaphos; wide plains shimmered in starlight.↵Centaurs greeted them, offering gold-hued apples and grain-cakes."↵-*The Callapheia*
Nyxborn Eidolon①A body Returned, a soul still lost.
Nyxborn Marauder①"Callaphe guided them into the↵darkness of Hetos, the bleak mire;↵Blood-horned minotaurs circled them,↵axes aglimmer in shadow."↵-*The Callapheia*
Nyxborn Seaguard①"Storm-tossed and broken, Callaphe cried out to deep-dwelling Thassa.↵Tritons came swiftly to save her, bringing her north to the Lindus."↵-*The Callapheia*
Nyxborn Shieldmate①In Meletis, the walls have ears. In Akros, they have blades.
Nyxborn Triton①"He is Thassa's. I could not sway him."↵-Kiora
O-Kagachi, Vengeful Kami①At his behest the Kami War began to regain That Which Was Taken.
Oak Street Innkeeper①The city is vast and perilous, but there are places where a weary traveler can feel very much at home.
Oaken Boon①"Right now you are a feeble stick, but I will help you grow some rings."
Oakenform①"When the beast cloaks itself in the mighty oak, what good is a bow? When the oak wraps itself around the snarling beast, what good is a hatchet?"↵-Dionus, elvish archdruid
Oakgnarl Warrior①"Roam as you will, your roots remain in the strong earth of your Rising."
Oakhame Adversary①The elves remember every secret path from the days when they ruled the realm.
Oakheart Dryads①"I do not know if the forest was different after they passed. But I know I was."↵-Ianthe, Setessan hunter
Oakshade Stalker①He blends seamlessly into the forest, waiting silently for his prey.
Oashra Cultivator①"Like fruits in the field, we will be harvested when the season is right."
Oasis Ritualist①"It's only the end if we allow it."
Oath of Ajani①"Until all have found their place, I will keep watch."
Oath of Chandra①"If it means that people can live in freedom, yeah, I'll keep watch."
Oath of Gideon①"For justice and peace, I will keep watch."
Oath of Jace①"For the sake of the Multiverse, I will keep watch."
Oath of Kaya①"So everyone gets what they truly deserve, I will keep watch."
Oath of Liliana①"I'll keep watch. Happy now?"
Oath of Nissa①"For the life of every plane, I will keep watch."
Oath of Teferi①"For the lost and forgotten, I will keep watch."
Oath of the Ancient Wood①"Some gaze upon the forest and see trees. I see true power."
Oathsworn Giant①The town stands on his ancestors' former burial grounds. Even with the graves long gone, he continues his determined vigil.
Oathsworn Vampire①"My conquistadors are never slain, merely laid to rest."↵-Queen Miralda the Pious
Ob Nixilis's Cruelty①Trapped on Ravnica with no affection for either side, Ob Nixilis sought gratification in random acts of torment.
Ob Nixilis, Unshackled①Designed by Brad Muir
Ob Nixilis, the Fallen①His spark lost, he plots revenge upon the plane whose corrupting mana fractured his soul.
Obeka, Brute Chronologist①"I'm bored with now."
Obelisk of Bant①Whether incorporated into the structure of castles or admired as lone symbols, the obelisks stand for Bant's values of loyalty, honor, and truth.
Obelisk of Esper①It is a monument as austere, unyielding, and inscrutable as Esper itself.
Obelisk of Grixis①Like most features of Grixis, the obelisks that remain from the time of Alara now exist only for dark exploitation.
Obelisk of Jund①Volcanic ash-winds batter it, climbing vines overwhelm it, dragonfire roasts it, and yet it still stands as a testament to a forgotten world.
Obelisk of Naya①Centuries have passed since the plane shattered, yet the obelisks of each shard faithfully serve their long-forgotten purpose.
Obelisk of Undoing①The Battle of Tomakul taught Urza not to rely on fickle reinforcements.
Oblation①"A richer people could give more but they could never give as much."
Obliterate①"The enemy has been destroyed, sir. So have the forest, the city, your palace, your dog . . ."↵-Keldon soldier
Obliterate①For his family, Barrin made a funeral pyre of Tolaria.
Oblivion Ring①A circle of light and a word of confinement.
Oblivion Ring①A circle of sugar and a word of forbiddance.
Oblivion Sower①The Eldrazi hunger without limit and consume without pause.
Oblivion Strike①It's bad enough to be torn to pieces. It's worse by far to be torn from the world itself.
Oblivion's Hunger①"Indulge the void. Become the void. Consume all you touch."↵-Drana, the last bloodchief
Oboro Breezecaller①"I feel their unnatural influence in the weary, weeping land. Do they care nothing for the creatures who walk below their clouds?"↵-Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Oboro, Palace in the Clouds①Here the soratami wove their endless plots-graceful, artful, and deceitful, while the unwitting world moved below.
Obscura Initiate①Obscura initiates are required to bring a gift of information. They are judged on both how useful it is and how hard it was to obtain.
Obscura Storefront①In volatile times, a sense of certainty is in high demand.
Obscuring Haze①Whether hunter or hunted, Kathril chooses when it is seen.
Obsessive Astronomer①"Sleep? I can sleep when I'm dead!"
Obsessive Search①The question strained his sanity. The answer snapped it in half.
Obsessive Stitcher①No one is as dedicated to perfection as a stitcher working on their latest masterpiece.
Obsianus Golem①"The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . . ."↵-"Song of the Artificer"
Obsianus Golem①"The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . . ."↵-Song of the Artificer
Obsianus Golem①"The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . ."↵-"Song of the Artificer"
Obsianus Golem①"The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . ."↵-Song of the Artificer
Obsianus Golem①"The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone..."↵-*Song of the Artificer*
Obsianus Golem①"The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone..."↵-Song of the Artificer
Obsidian Acolyte①The truthful will stand in the gaze of death and escape unharmed.↵-Obsidian acolyte creed
Obsidian Battle-Axe①It's the flint that sparks a warrior's rage.
Obsidian Giant①After a while, ships stopped sailing within his reach.
Obstinate Familiar①"Lizards make excellent familiars. They never know when they've lost."↵-Matoc, lavamancer
Obzedat's Aid①"The Obzedat have revived you with purpose. Don't squander their blessing."↵-Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Occult Epiphany①In a single unending moment, a hundred lifetimes of knowledge coursed through his unraveling mind.
Ochran Assassin①"The dagger is just a distraction. I carry the real killer in a vial at my side."
Ochran Assassin①"The dagger is just the distraction. I carry the real killer in a vial at my side."
Octoprophet①In every swirl of the tide, it sees the awakening of things yet to come.
Ocular Halo①While the soldier dreams, the eyes stand watch.
Oculus①"In its gaze I saw no mercy, no recognition that I was worthy to exist."↵-Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Oddly Uneven①The odds are good, but the goods are odd.
Odious Trow①Trows are the vile trolls that lurk in the bogs of Shadowmoor. They reappear each night to frighten the living and gnaw the dead.
Odious Witch①Her cauldron refilled, she settled in to wait for the next unsuspecting traveler to knock at her door.
Odric's Outrider①Terms like "safe route" and "cleared district" are a source of dark humor to the cathars who patrol the ruins of Thraben.
Odric, Master Tactician①"Fear holds no place in faith's battle plan."
Odylic Wraith①By the time you've seen it, you won't remember that you did.
Of One Mind①"The *eludha* is total communication, total understanding. It makes regular human speech feel like garbled grunting."↵-Winota, heartbonder
Off Balance①A heavy weapon deals plenty of damage-but it does have to hit.
Offering to Asha①"His body belongs to Bant now. His soul? I honestly don't know. I expect it belongs to the angels."↵-Rafiq of the Many
Offspring's Revenge①All they found in the hunter's camp were tiny paw prints and a lot of blood.
Oggyar Battle-Seer①"May Ganathog bless us with bloody visions of glory restored!"
Ognis, the Dragon's Lash①Ziatora's second-in-command has a habit of appearing when and where her enemies least expect her.
Ogre Arsonist①"All of Ravnica's looking for you, Dack, from the Wojek on down."↵-Maytov
Ogre Battledriver①Ogres are driven by passion, rage, and another ogre standing behind them with a whip.
Ogre Berserker①The machine does the growling, so the ogre's free to smile.
Ogre Enforcer①"Ate up all of his siblings in the first week. A good beginning for one destined to command."↵-Suka, ogre matron
Ogre Errant①Knights kept returning from Ogre's Pass wearing nothing but bruises, so they decided to just pretend it was on their side.
Ogre Gatecrasher①A popular game among ogres is to see how many revolutions a head can make before it pops off.
Ogre Geargrabber①Long reach, short attention span.
Ogre Jailbreaker①It took three years for it to occur to him to use the chain as a weapon, but once it did, he made up for lost time.
Ogre Leadfoot①When the goblins need more scrap for the Great Furnace, they simply let the ogres loose and follow in their wake.
Ogre Marauder①Once freed, the oni demanded more and more sacrifices to appease them. The ogres happily obliged.
Ogre Recluse①"Those ogres who did not embrace oni worship were cast out, cursed, and forced into hermitage, waiting for the day the oni would come for them."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Ogre Resister①He didn't have a word for "home," but he knew it was something to be defended.
Ogre Savant①He's an oxymoron.
Ogre Sentry①"You have to appreciate the genius of it. Why bother building defenses when you can just fill the pass with angry ogres?"↵-Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Ogre Shaman①Ogre shamans must be bright enough to learn their invocations and dim enough to use them.
Ogre Siegebreaker①"What he doesn't burn, he smashes."↵-Captain Wellis, ogre wrangler
Ogre Slumlord①"His tenement is filled with the most vile, disgusting vermin. It's infested with rats, too."↵-Branko One-Ear
Ogre Taskmaster①He doesn't have to be smart-his masters only ever give him one command.
Ogre Taskmaster①Ogres learn how to smash stuff even before they learn how to walk.
Ogre Taskmaster①Three little goblins, enjoying their brew. One bumped an ogre, and then there were two.
Ogre Warrior①Assault and battery included.
Ogre's Cleaver①She adopted the weapon of the slave-lord Kazuul, and with it, all his cruelty.
Ohran Frostfang①Even the smallest drop of its deadly venom will subtract decades from your lifespan.
Ohran Frostfang①Silent as a snowdrift. Inexorable as an avalanche.
Ohran Viper①The ohran viper is not cold-blooded. Its veins course with the same antigelid venom used to kill its prey.
Ohran Yeti①When a snowdrift shows you its eyes, it's already too late.
Oji, the Exquisite Blade①They walk the Path of Kensei with perfect balance.
Ojutai Interceptor①"Though I may soar, I could never fly as high as the dragons."
Ojutai Monument①Ojutai spends time at all his strongholds, but he most favors Cori Stronghold for his meditation.
Ojutai, Soul of Winter①"When I battled Ojutai, I realized my learning had only begun."↵-Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest
Oketra's Avenger①"Oketra's arrow is my spear, and her love my shield."
Oketra's Last Mercy①To the end, all Oketra did was for others.
Oketra's Monument①"The worthy shall respect the worthy. In the afterlife, all will stand united."↵-Monument inscription
Okiba Salvage①"Some fool would rather throw a whole mech away than repair one hydraulic actuator? It must be my lucky day."
Okina Nightwatch①Only the most skilled budoka could protect the Okina Shrine. Only the best of these protectors took the night watch.
Okina, Temple to the Grandfathers①If a land can be said to have a heart, Okina is the heart of Kamigawa.
Oko's Accomplices①They function as everything from assassins to jesters in the name of their fae king.
Oko's Hospitality①"My advisors recommend I let them eat you."↵-Oko
Old Fogey①"These kids today with their collector numbers and their newfangled tap symbol. Twenty Black Lotuses and twenty Plague Rats. Now that's *real* Magic."
Old Ghastbark①"Beware of trees that talk. Their words are threats. And mind the ones that sway and creak. They too threaten us, but in a foreign tongue."↵-*The Book of Other Folk*
Old Gnawbone①The ancient green dragon Claugiyliamatar is often seen with a mangled corpse dangling from her mouth.
Old Guard①"You say you're capable of flying. You got any proof of that?"
Old-Fashioned Vampire①"Stalking hard or hardly stalking, am I right?"
Old-Growth Dryads①"The jungle was here before any city. It will be here after the last city falls."
Olivia's Bloodsworn①"As we muster for war, I have little patience for lethargy or recalcitrance."
Olivia's Dragoon①Displays of Voldaren bloodlust are not restricted to glamorous banquets and lavish parties.
Olivia's Midnight Ambush①"And you were almost finished with that ritual, weren't you, darling? How very rude of me. To make it up to you, I'll send you an invitation to my wedding."
Olivia's Wrath①"These worthless cattle think they can sneak unnoticed into my wedding? Dispose of them."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Olivia, Crimson Bride①Her grand wedding had one goal: to unite the vampire bloodlines under her rule.
Ollenbock Escort①"Stay in the light. I don't know what lurks in those shadows, and I'd like to keep it that way."
Omega Myr①Last to charge, last to fall.
Omen of Fire①"Let Balduvia burn to warm Kjeldor's hearth!"↵-General Varchild
Omen of the Dead①"My time will come, when life's frantic striving will fade into the boundless quiet of death."
Omen of the Forge①"My time will come, when all the world will be reforged in the fires of my invention."
Omen of the Hunt①"My time will come, when no road will divide the endless verdure of the trees."
Omen of the Sea①"My time will come, when the rising tide will surge above the tallest mountain."
Omen of the Sun①"My time will come, when every soul will bask in my glory and obey my law."
Omenspeaker①Her prophecies amaze her even as she speaks them.
Ominous Parcel①The rest of Anhelo's assistant arrived over the following week.
Ominous Roost①"One raven is a bad omen. Two are a curse. I don't know what this is, but it can't be good."↵-Verna, priest of Sigarda
Ominous Sphinx①The sphinxes began to speak only after the Second Sun aligned. They whispered dire warnings, though no one listened.
Omnath, Locus of Mana①From the Roil emerged a ravenous primordial being of pure mana.
Omnath, Locus of Mana①It gathers against the coming storm.
Omnibian①"This creature has hyperevolved chameleonic abilities. It no longer mimics its surroundings, instead forcing them to take on its form."↵-Simic research notes
Omniscience①"In the arrogance of my youth, I believed I knew all there was to know. Now, my greatest wisdom is a humble awareness of all I have yet to learn."↵-Teferi
Omniscience①"The things I once imagined would be my greatest achievements were only the first steps toward a future I can only begin to fathom."↵-Jace Beleren
Omnispell Adept①She memorized every arcane text in the Ismeri Library by the time she was sixteen. Now she quizzes sphinxes in her spare time.
On Alert①Beacons along the borderlands are lit at any incursion from the wilds.
On Serra's Wings①"The spirit of Serra raised Brindri high and commanded her to keep the balance."↵-*Song of All*, canto 524
On Thin Ice①He cursed the wind. He cursed the cold. But by stepping on the ice, he cursed himself.
Onakke Ogre①The ogres you know are nothing like the Onakke. Possessing both intellect and industry, they had brute strength without being brutish.
Once More with Feeling①If yo . . . ted.
Ondu Champion①"Put a minotaur at the head of an army and suddenly all the soldiers act like they have horns."↵-Gideon Jura
Ondu Cleric①A cleric's true balm is the confidence he inspires in his compatriots.
Ondu Giant①Some druids nurture gardens. Others nurture continents.
Ondu Greathorn①"May your horns get lodged in an Eldrazi's bony face, ornery brute!"↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Ondu Inversion①"At first rumble you'd best hold on tight and pray to any gods you still hold dear."↵-Nys Dal, Sea Gate trapfinder
Ondu Skyruins①"It always seems so quiet in the aftermath of wrenching violence."↵-Nys Dal, Sea Gate trapfinder
Ondu War Cleric①"I will follow the light of Iona into battle, and I will know no fear."
One With the Wind①"River and sea, jungle and sky. Water flows freely between the two halves of the world. We are creatures of the water."↵-Shaper Tuvasa
One of the Pack①When the howl beckons, he cannot resist the urge to join the others.
One with Nothing①When nothing remains, everything is equally possible.
One with the Machine①"When I grafted the Planar Bridge into myself, I felt my Planeswalker spark flare beyond my body. The Multiverse was my plaything. It felt . . . incredible."↵-Tezzeret
One with the Stars①"Take your place among the stars."↵-Kruphix, god of horizons
One-Clown Band①Programmed to play more than seventy instruments and only one song.
One-Eyed Scarecrow①Farmhands and priests mutter curses at the ragged thing; it unnerves more than just the crows.
Oneirophage①It manifests at wizard academies to siphon inspiration from young prodigies.
Oni of Wild Places①The oni leapt easily from peak to peak, toying with its victims, its voice a purr from the rumbling depths of nightmare.
Only Blood Ends Your Nightmares①"But nothing will end your regret."
Onslaught①The last thing to go through the mogg's mind was its teeth.
Onulet①An early inspiration for Urza, Tocasia's Onulets contained magical essences that could be cannibalized after they stopped functioning.
Onulet①An early inspiration for Urza, Tocasia's onulets contained magical essences that could be cannibalized after they stopped functioning.
Onyx Goblet①The goblet was a gift from the sphinx Gorael, who hoped humans and vedalken would eventually destroy each other to acquire it, leaving all of Esper to her own kind.
Onyx Mage①"We wield death and darkness, powers that make lesser mages tremble in fear."↵-Onyx creed
Oona's Gatewarden①"So now you've seen Glen Elendra. Take a good look. It will be the last thing you'll ever see."
Oona's Grace①Oona grants her favored subjects a dream from her own guarded heart.
Oona's Prowler①Deep in Glen Elendra blossoms Oona, queen of the faeries, nourished by secrets and pollinated by stolen dreams.
Ooze Garden①Jund has little necromancy. Instead, the flesh of its dead gives rise to algal fiends.
Opal Avenger①As the sun grew cold in the realm, the statue grew warm.
Opal Guardian①It was a moment in time, cast in stone-a moment whose time had come again.
Opal Lake Gatekeepers①Sentries guard Ravnica's landmarks and outlying districts, unaware of these places' import to the maze.
Opaline Sliver①"When struck, its hide shimmers through sequences of color-a signaling language I am eager to unravel."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Opaline Unicorn①Purphoros once loved Nylea, the god of the hunt. His passion inspired his most astounding works of art.
Open Fire①Some khenra archers fashion their arrows with a personal touch.
Open into Wonder①The one thing the Gatewatch didn't expect to find on a plane ruled by Nicol Bolas was perfection.
Open the Armory①"Once Avacyn returned, I hoped I'd never need these things again. I didn't think I'd be dusting them off to use against angels."
Open the Gates①"If you don't have a destination in mind, the route is all that matters."↵-Tamina, district guide
Open the Graves①It was a night like any other. It would soon become a night no one would ever forget.
Open the Vaults①When the vaults are empty, everyone is rich.
Opening Ceremony①"Oooooh!"↵-The crowd↵"Aaaaaaaaah!"↵-Also the crowd
Ophidian①"I will . . . tell thee more than thou hast wit to ask."↵-Christopher Marlowe, *Doctor Faustus*
Ophidian①"I will ... tell thee more than thou hast wit to ask."↵-Christopher Marlowe, *Doctor Faustus*
Ophiomancer①"There are dark, ancient arts that fascinate even me."↵-Sorin Markov
Ophiomancer①Her writhing, boneless movements are unsettling to humans, but hypnotic to her serpent brood.
Opportunist①The third time the Oracle glanced suspiciously at him, Starke decided she had glanced twice too often.
Opportunity①"He cocooned himself alone in his workshop for months. When he finally emerged, all broad grins and excited chatter, I knew he'd found his answer."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Opportunity①"Opportunity isn't something you wait for. It's something you create."
Opportunity①Little things like morals shouldn't hinder one's ambition.↵-Pirate creed
Opposition①"Urza says he's sane. Perhaps, but measures of sanity among planeswalkers are hard to come by."↵-Barrin
Opposition①Exhausting a wizard can be exhausting work.
Oppression①"Defeating an enemy is not nearly as satisfying as watching one suffer."↵-The Western Paladin
Oppression①"Do not presume to speak for yourself."↵-Gix, to Xantcha
Oppressive Will①When Minamo was abandoned, its younger students found themselves thrust into a war beyond their skill with talents beyond their control.
Optimus Prime, Inspiring Leader①"Roll out!"
Opt①"It's easy to anticipate Captain Storm's orders: take the more dangerous route."
Opt①"Sometimes the hardest choice is between two wonders."↵-Gadwick, the Wizened
Opt①"The wish most often granted is the wish to choose one's own destiny."↵-*Aethershrine*, inscription
Opt①"We need alternatives, Hanna," yelled Gerrard. "Now!"
Opt①The choice isn't whether to eat, but when to stop.
Opt①The crystal pulsed with the power of Teferi's Planeswalker spark. Had Jhoira given him a blessing or a curse?
Opt①The crystal pulsed with the power of Teferi's planeswalker spark. Had Jhoira given him a blessing or a curse?
Opulent Palace①The dense jungle surrenders to a lush and lavish expanse. At its center uncoil the spires of Qarsi Palace.
Oracle of Dust①Whatever it is searching for, it will stop at nothing to find it.
Oracle of Nectars①When elves find a fount of beauty, they protect it. Where there is beauty, there is hope.
Oracle's Attendants①The future isn't sacred, but its speaker is.
Oracle's Attendants①They follow the prophecy to each new prophet, guarding the future from the present.
Oracle①Known simply by her title, Oracle uses her gift of prophecy to aid her people. She believes Gerrard to be the *Korvecdal*, the one who will unite the people of Rath against Volrath's tyranny. Her only doubt is whether she will be strong enough to guide him to his destiny.
Orah, Skyclave Hierophant①"The Skyclaves are our inheritance."
Oran-Rief Invoker①"The world was not hostile to us-we were beneath its notice, and presented no danger."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Oran-Rief Survivalist①"I'm strong enough to survive alone. I'm smart enough to want companions at my side."
Oraxid①"I'm constantly amazed by the tenacity of living creatures on this plane. Even in the stronghold's white-hot core, life persists."↵-Ertai
Orazca Frillback①The frillbacks of Orazca soak up the sun on their tall spinal fins. They look slow and sleepy-until they catch the scent of prey.
Orazca Raptor①"If you come across a raptor in the city, stay perfectly still. At least then you'll be well rested when you die."↵-Captain Brandis Thorn
Orb of Dreams①"Behind the eyelids, a flickering flame. Beneath the dream, a flickering sorrow. Can peace find you in this sleep When all the world is tossed by war?"↵-Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Orbs of Warding①One orb to guard the body, one to protect the mind, and one to shield the soul.
Orc General①"Your army must fear you more than the enemy. Only then will you triumph." -Malga Phlegmtooth
Orc General①"Your army must fear you more than the enemy. Only then will you triumph."↵-Malga Phlegmtooth
Orc Sureshot①"Words have yet to halt an arrow."
Orchard Elemental①Fruits for friends, fists for foes.
Orchard Spirit①"Pick not the rotten fruit, but neither touch the best. Leave those as an offering for our unseen guests."↵-Radwick, farmer of Gatstaf
Orchard Warden①"After the Rising, a treefolk's mind is as limber and green as its limbs, and is at its most receptive to our teachings."
Orcish Artillery①"Ready . . . aim . . . fire!"↵"Ow!"
Orcish Artillery①"So they want to kill my men? Well two can play at that game."↵-General Khurzog
Orcish Artillery①In a rare display of ingenuity, the Orcs invented an incredibly destructive weapon. Most Orcish artillerists are those who dared criticize its effectiveness.
Orcish Artillery①In a rare display of ingenuity, the orcs invented an incredibly destructive weapon. Most orcish artillerists are those who dared criticize its effectiveness.
Orcish Bloodpainter①Blood calls to blood.
Orcish Cannonade①"Crispy! Scarback! Load another volcano-ball."↵-Stumphobbler Thuj, Orcish captain
Orcish Cannonade①"Crispy! Scarback! Load another volcano-ball."↵-Stumphobbler Thuj, orcish captain
Orcish Cannonade①"No ready! No aim! Just fire!"↵-Scarback Plagg, orcish captain
Orcish Cannoneers①"It's a thankless job, and you'll probably die in an explosion. But the pay is pretty good."↵-Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Orcish Cannoneers①"It's a thankless job, and you'll probably die in an explosion. But the pay is pretty good."↵-Toothlicker Harj, orcish captain
Orcish Captain①There's a chance to win every battle.
Orcish Farmer①"Yes, the Farmers keep our soldiers fed. But why do they have to make every battlefield a pigpen?"↵-Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Orcish Farmer①"Yes, the farmers keep our soldiers fed. But why do they have to make every battlefield a pigpen?"↵-Toothlicker Harj, orcish captain
Orcish Farmer①There is no natural disaster quite like orcish farming.
Orcish Librarian①"Us hungry, need food . . . . Lots of books . . . . Hmm . . . ."
Orcish Librarian①Us hungry, need food . . . . Lots of books . . . . Hmm . . . .
Orcish Lumberjack①"How did I ever let myself get talked into this project?"↵-Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Orcish Lumberjack①"How did I ever let myself get talked into this project?"↵-Toothlicker Harj, orcish captain
Orcish Lumberjack①"Wood is wasted in the dirt."↵-Orcish proverb
Orcish Oriflamme①The orcs' banner sends a clear message: "Stand against us and meet the same fate as the goblins."
Orcish Paratroopers①IOU one parashoot↵-Urk, mogg fanatic
Orcish Settlers①They wouldn't know their house from a charred hole in the ground.
Orcish Spy①"Orcish armies often employed the smaller, swifter, and less intelligent Goblins as spies."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Orcish Spy①"Yeah, they're ugly, they desert in droves, and their personal habits are enough to make you sick. But I'll say this for Orcs: they make great spies."↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Orcish Spy①"You idiot! Never let the spies mingle with the Orcish regulars after completing a mission. Now we'll never get them to fight!"↵-General Khurzog
Orcish Spy①"You idiot! Never let the spies mingle with the orcish regulars after completing a mission. Now we'll never get them to fight!"↵-General Khurzog
Orcish Vandal①Every ancient relic is a weapon if you throw it hard enough.
Orcish Veteran①"Orcs often greeted promotions to Icatian battle with anguished wails and pleas for mercy."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Orcish Veteran①Although models of courage for Orcs, the Veterans quickly learned to fear the swift justice of their Icatian enemies.
Orcish Veteran①Orcs are not exactly known for their valor-although most Orcs have seen countless battles, only a handful have actually fought in them.
Orcish Veteran①Unsuccessful in their early battle for Montford, the Orcs quickly tempered their bloodlust with cowardice.
Orcish Veteran①Unsuccessful in their early battle for Montford, the orcs quickly tempered their bloodlust with cowardice.
Order of Leitbur①"The powers of the corrupt will fade before the fury of the pure."↵-Bethan Leitbur, "The Way"
Order of Leitbur①"Trained to battle the followers of Tourach, the Order of Leitbur was not as successful in later conflicts with Orcish and Goblin raiders."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Order of Leitbur①"Trained to battle the followers of Tourach, the Order of Leitbur was not as successful in later conflicts with orcish and goblin raiders."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Order of Leitbur①Followers of Tourach regarded all other religions equally: with open contempt. Not so the followers of Leitbur, who made it their mission to eradicate the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Order of Succession①"Long live . . . me."
Order of Whiteclay①Made from the clay of burial mounds, the face paint of the priests is a sign of their respect for those whose rest they interrupt.
Order of the Ebon Hand①"There are intriguing similarities between the Order and Icatia's Leitbur religion, suggesting the two had a common origin."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI*
Order of the Ebon Hand①A true follower of Tourach took pride in achievement to the exclusion of other concerns.
Order of the Ebon Hand①Dedicated to the principles of Tourach, members of the Order of the Ebon Hand demonstrated their devotion with grisly rituals.
Order of the Golden Cricket①"Should you take it in mind to ride a springjack, remember: there are easier ways to fly, and harder ways to break your skull."↵-Lann of Cloverdell
Order of the Sacred Bell①"My brother, it may now be time to ring the bell and put out the call for aid."
Order of the Sacred Bell①"Our bodies are weak compared to those of the kami, our knowledge limited, and our magic poor. Yet we draw breath. That alone is reason to hope."
Order of the Sacred Torch①A blazing light to drive out the shadows.
Order of the Stars①As stoic as the marble halls, as unblinking as the stars upon their shields.
Order of the White Shield①"Shall we turn away a worthy soul because his parents were peasants? I think not."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Order of the White Shield①"Shall we turn away a worthy soul because his parents were peasants? I think not."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Order of the White Shield①A shield of light admits no shadow.
Ordered Migration①"Birds reach all parts of the world," said Barrin. "They will make excellent scouts."
Ordruun Commando①Thick of muscle, stout of heart, and possessing a burning love of justice and the battlefield, the Ordruun minotaurs are the foundation of the Boros Legion.
Ordruun Veteran①"My father was Gruul, but I chose the precision of the legion over the fury of the pack."
Ore Gorger①"We've stumbled upon a network of caves not on our maps. We can only hope it is safe to spend the night."↵-Lost Battalion, message to General Takeno
Ore-Scale Guardian①A dragon's loyalty cannot be earned, but it can be bought.
Oread of Mountain's Blaze①"Flame-wrapped, she dances a burning swath amid the clouds."↵-Psemilla, Meletian poet
Oreskos Sun Guide①"Let the humans have their pantheon. We need no gods to thrive. Even a mortal such as I can capture a part of the sun's power."
Oreskos Swiftclaw①After the Battle of Pharagax Bridge, the Champion spent many months among the leonin of Oreskos. She found that they were quick to take offense, not because they were thin-skinned, but because they were always eager for a fight.↵-*The Theriad*
Oreskos Swiftclaw①The leonin of Oreskos are quick to take offense-not because they are thin-skinned but because they are always ready for a fight.
Organ Grinder①It knows what makes you tick. It knows how to make the ticking stop.
Organ Harvest①"Lucy, you've got some spleenin' to do."
Organ Hoarder①The stitcher died years ago, but her dutiful assistant still keeps the laboratory well stocked.
Organic Extinction①"Technology evolves faster than a blade can swing."↵-Arima, lead inventor of the Futurists
Orgg①It's bigger than it thinks.
Orim's Prayer①"As usual, there will be time for prayer only *after* the worst happens."↵-Orim, Samite healer
Orim, Samite Healer①"The silkworm spins itself a new existence. So the healer weaves the threads of life."↵-Orim, Samite healer
Orim①Trained in the Samite arts, Orim serves as the healer aboard the *Weatherlight*. She is quick with languages and was educated at the same Argivian university as Hanna. A student by nature, Orim keeps a diary of all her new discoveries-both physical and spiritual-during her travels.
Oriq Loremage①Nothing can quell the Oriq's thirst for the forbidden secrets of the past.
Ormendahl, Profane Prince①With Griselbrand gone, the Skirsdag eagerly awaited another demon to claim their devotion. Ormendahl did not make them wait long.
Ormendahl, the Corrupter①"Ah, Jerren. You've been such a faithful, useful insect."
Ormendahl, the Corrupter①"Ah. Jerren. You've been such a faithful, useful insect."
Ornamental Courage①Inspired by the thorns and brambles of the untamed wilds, elvish armor is both beautiful and formidable.
Ornate Kanzashi①Masako was privy to a great many of Konda's deepest secrets, and her hair was always perfect.
Ornery Goblin①"Nobody ever listens to my complaints! Not even when I use the listening stick."
Ornery Kudu①Debate rages among the viziers whether comparing the kudu's horns to the God-Pharaoh's is blasphemy or reverence.
Ornithopter of Paradise①"Through even our darkest days, we must never cease creating. Each new invention brings value to the world, be it beauty, utility, or both."↵-Rashmi, aether-seer
Ornithopter①"Consider all confiscated items hostile until proven otherwise."↵-Confiscation directive
Ornithopter①"It has been my honor to improve on Thran's original design. Perhaps history will remember me in some small part for my work."↵-Urza, in his apprenticeship
Ornithopter①"It has been my honor to improve on the Thran's original design. Perhaps history will remember me in some small part for my work."↵-Urza, in his apprenticeship
Ornithopter①"You want to know what we are fighting for? Look at the wonder in that child's eyes."↵-Pia Nalaar
Ornithopter①Many scholars believe that these creatures were the result of Urza's first attempt at mechanical life, perhaps created in his early days as an apprentice to Tocasia.
Ornithopter①Once a year, the skies over Paliano fill with the flying machines of those who hope to be taken on as pupils by the artificer Muzzio.
Ornithopter①Regardless of the century, plane, or species, developing artificers never fail to invent the ornithopter.
Orochi Leafcaller①"Only orochi hatched from eggs 'touched by the kami' may become shamans. These days, there are fewer and fewer new shamans being born."
Orochi Merge-Keeper①One day the spirit and mortal realms will be one. Until then, she faithfully guards the sites where they merge.
Orochi Ranger①"The young come to me, confused. They have been taught to respect the kami, and now they must fight them? I do not know what to say."↵-Sachi, to her father
Orochi Sustainer①"Nothing is the same anymore. The forests are not as lush, the waters not as pure, the air not as clear. Without the kami to direct and sustain the forces of nature, it's only a matter of time before we feel their neglect."
Orzhov Advokist①The Orzhov care not for repentance, only repayment.
Orzhov Cluestone①A symbol of power and wealth, the only commodities that matter to the Orzhov.
Orzhov Enforcer①"You'll pay what you owe, with your money or your life."
Orzhov Guildgate①"If you think the cathedral is impressive, you should see what's down below."↵-Teysa
Orzhov Guildgate①"So much wealth. So much splendor. So much temptation to believe the gilded lie."↵-Kaya
Orzhov Guildgate①"We do not believe in hiding our wealth in the shadows. This is Orzhov, and this is how we reward greatness."↵-Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Orzhov Guildgate①Enter to find wealth, security, and eternal life . . . for just a small price up front.
Orzhov Keyrune①You only need to wield it once to appreciate the power of control.
Orzhov Locket①"It looks expensive, doesn't it? You have no idea..."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Orzhov Racketeers①"Looks like you need protection."
Orzhov Signet①The form of the sigil is just as important as the sigil itself. If it's carried on a medallion, its bearer is a master. If it's tattooed on the body, its bearer is a slave.
Orzhov Signet①The sigil holds different meanings depending on its form and presentation. While some wear it as a sign of status, others wear it as a sign of debt.
Orzhova, the Church of Deals①Unlike most churches, at Orzhova it's best to pray before you arrive.
Osai Vultures①A sign of battle, the Vultures circle and wait for the victorious to depart.
Oskar, Rubbish Reclaimer①"So many fools think throwing something away is the same as disposing of it."
Ostiary Thrull①Orzhov churches don't pass the plate for collection. They charge for admission.
Ostracize①"You won't be needing this."
Ostracize①Kerrick was to find that some borders can never be crossed.
Oswald Fiddlebender①"Can't see this airship crashing in the near future. Sturdy as a rock."
Otepec Huntmaster①"Forward! Let the Burning Sun's light guide you to deserving prey!"
Othelm, Sigardian Outcast①"A friend is someone you'd do anything for."
Otherworld Atlas①"Any fool can open it. But it takes a genius to decipher the blank pages."↵-Kordel the Cryptic
Otherworldly Journey①"The landscape shimmered and I felt a chill breeze. When my vision cleared, I found myself alone among the corpses of my fallen friends."↵-Journal found in Numai
Otherworldly Outburst①A tiny crack is enough to open the mind to Emrakul.
Ouphe Vandals①The ouphes finally managed to still the clockwork monstrosity by catching themselves in its cogs.
Our Market Research Shows That Players Like Really Long Card Names So We Made this Card to Have the Absolute Longest Card Name Ever Elemental①Just call it OMRSTPLRLCNSWMTCTHTALCNEE for short.
Oust①"'Invincible' is just a word."↵-Gideon Jura
Out of Bounds①The wardens watch for illegal tactics and protect spectators from the occasional rogue fireball.
Out of the Way①"You bore me."
Outbreak①This plague chooses its victims.
Outflank①"With the drum of hooves and a flash of blades, the monster's terrifying roar changed to a cry of fear."↵-*Legend of the Gilded Knights*
Outland Boar①The vibrant forest of Peema is awash with aether. Its animals are stronger, faster, and more aggressive than their counterparts elsewhere.
Outland Liberator①"Just hold still. I'll help you."
Outmaneuver①"Push one goblin into sight, an' run a lot. That's tactics."↵-Jula, goblin raider
Outnumber①Everyone who could still lift a weapon had a part in retaking Sea Gate.
Outrage Shaman①A boggart's mind is a tinderbox of volatile thoughts, hungry for a spark.
Outrider of Jhess①The island nation of Jhess is under constant siege from Valeron on the mainland. Riders traverse the coastline, always on the lookout for sails or aven.
Outwit①The student asks how a spell is begun. The master ponders what ends it.
Ovalchase Daredevil①"Let me guess. You thought I was dead."
Ovalchase Dragster①It'll either crash or win the race. Possibly both.
Overbeing of Myth①"She walks among us unseen, learning from our imperfections."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Overburden①The Kipamu League knew what Keld refused to acknowledge: the land could support no more.
Overcome①"Forward! Until the horizon is ours!"↵-Khemses, charioteer
Overeager Apprentice①Slow and steady may not always win the race, but at least it doesn't end up splattered on the walls.
Overflowing Insight①The truth came to Kumena like the Great River's torrent: the only way to keep his enemies away from the hidden city was to claim its power for himself.
Overgrown Armasaur①It embodies the riotous growth of the jungle, where creatures crowd upon creatures, where roots sprawl and vines swarm.
Overgrown Battlement①"Our enemy is nothing less than the end of all life. We shall not want for allies."↵-*The War Diaries*
Overgrown Estate①The decay of Crovax's ancestral home matched the state of his soul.
Overgrown Farmland①A few weed-choked gourd patches are all that remain of the proud, thriving farms that once blanketed the province.
Overgrown Tomb①"Brago's tomb was first erected as a formality. Now it stands as the last memorial to a forgotten fool."↵-Queen Marchesa
Overgrown Tomb①Cradle of the Golgari's new kingdom. Grave of those who wronged its queen.
Overgrown Tomb①The best funeral shroud is the fabric of new life.
Overgrowth①"Let the forest spread! From salt, stone, and fen, let the new trees rise."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Overgrowth①Life needs no encouragement.
Overgrowth①Tyranids flourish in any climate, dominate any ecosystem, crush any resistance.
Overlaid Terrain①One must reap before one can sow.
Overmaster①"Trickery can't defeat raw power."↵-Matoc, lavamancer
Override①"The Knowledge Pool has all the answers-especially 'No.'"
Overrule①With one commanding word, the spell was put down and a fine collected for its casting.
Overrun①"You want to know your enemy? Look at your feet while you trample him."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Overrun①"You want to know your enemy? Look at your feet while you trample him."↵-Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Overrun①Nature doesn't walk.
Overrun①The dance of angry feet↵-Nantuko expression meaning "stampede"
Oversimplify①"A fine example of addition by subtraction."↵-Deekah, professor of fractal theory
Oversoul of Dusk①"Some say she hid the sun herself, a desperate act to save it from its ultimate extinction."↵-*The Seer's Parables*
Overt Operative①Saw her coming. Didn't matter.
Overtaker①"It's no challenge to master a Mercadian."
Overwhelmed Archivist①"Bah! As if I had time to preserve everything."
Overwhelming Forces①By the year 208, Cao Cao commanded more than 1,000 experienced generals and a million infantry, cavalry, and naval troops.
Overwhelming Instinct①The biggest difference between a victory and a massacre is which side you're on.
Overwhelming Intellect①"My brain hurts."
Overwhelming Stampede①"I trust the instincts of any beast over the advice of any human who presumes to be an expert in the art of war."↵-Rinshel, elf insurgent
Overwhelm①"Let the song of Selesnya be heard above the rhythm of our thundering hordes!"
Overwhelm①The Conclave acts with a single will, expressed by countless warriors.
Ovinize①"You wish for me to cow your enemies? I can do better than that . . . ."↵-Teferi, second-level student
Oviya Pashiri, Sage Lifecrafter①"Inspiration is reciprocal: we all have a responsibility to each other to create."
Owlbear Shepherd①When your pack is nowhere to be found, you form a new one.
Owlbear①Many people believe a misguided wizard created the first owlbear, but others insist that these creatures have always dwelled in the Feywild.
Owlin Shieldmage①"Aim higher next time."
Ow①Have you ever noticed how some flavor text has no relevance whatsoever to the card it's on?
Oxidda Daredevil①His goggles spattered with grime and his mouth full of bugs, he tossed the engines another priceless relic.
Oxidda Golem①The longer it patrols the smoldering crags of the Oxidda Chain, the more it adopts their fiery temper.
Oxidda Scrapmelter①It subsists on a diet rich in screaming metal and molten blood.
Oxidize①"Ashes to ashes, rust to rust."↵-Viridian shaman
Oyobi, Who Split the Heavens①Her angry call split the sky. From that rift descended her champions.
Pacification Array①The Consulate had access to thousands of innovative devices displayed at the Inventors' Fair. A few small changes transformed some of them from marvels of ingenuity to instruments of oppression.
Pacifism①"Can't a fella get a moment's peace around here?"
Pacifism①"Fight? I cannot. I do not care if I live or die, so long as I can rest."↵-Urza, to Serra
Pacifism①"If I fight, I might step on a butterfly. That would be sad."↵-Krowg of Qal Sisma
Pacifism①"If only they'd all act this docile. I could do something relaxing for a living. I've always wanted to bake biscuits."↵-Ethuk, Coppercoat mage
Pacifism①Even those born to battle could only lay their blades at Akroma's feet.
Pacifism①For the first time in his life, Grakk felt a little warm and fuzzy inside.
Pacifism①Frozen by conscience, Karn did not resist as the moggs carried him to the *Predator*.
Pacifism①Frozen by conscience, Karn did not resist as the moggs carried him to the Predator.
Pacifism①Without warriors there can be no war.
Pack Attack①Kobold tactics rarely account for little things like diplomacy, mercy, or surrender.
Pack Hunt①The one you see is just a diversion.
Pack Leader①He will be your loyal champion, and his pack your protectors. All he asks for is a full belly, a spot by the fire, and all the love in your heart.
Pack Mastiff①Their loyalty is not to any master, but to the pack.
Pack Rat①A procession of gifts with no end in sight.
Pack's Betrayal①Tovolar's howl of command was too much to resist, even for Arlinn's own loyal pack.
Pack's Disdain①Like the sun to a flower, the adoring gaze of the tribe is sustenance to an elf. To be shunned is to wither.
Pack's Favor①Selesnya grows its ranks in more ways than one.
Packsong Pup①A wolf pup is always dangerous, because a wolf pup is never alone.
Pact of Negation①Those who expect betrayal at every turn are seldom disappointed.
Pact of the Serpent①"Our quarrels behind us. Our foes before us. Death or triumph for us all!"
Pact of the Titan①Born of fire, destined for battle.
Padeem, Consul of Innovation①"Impress me."
Pain Kami①"All kami are our enemies now, A very tough lesson to learn. But it's one that's taken quickly, When you feel what it's like to burn!"↵-Ku-Ku, akki poet
Pain Magnification①The Rakdos make sure their victims remember their pain-or at least give up a little bit of their sanity in order to forget.
Pain Seer①Every twitching nerve and pulsing vein carries a message, discernible with the right tools.
Painful Lesson①"You wish to remember this lesson? I will write it down for you."↵-Senifet, vizier of Bontu
Painful Memories①"It is terrible how one brief action can live forever in memory."↵-Jolrael
Painful Quandary①"For each word spoken, one forgotten. For each thought, a memory rotten."↵-Moriok incantation
Painful Truths①As the Eldrazi spread, no secret that could give Zendikar's defenders an advantage was considered too dangerous to seek.
Painiac①"You're about to be struck by a brilliant idea!"
Painsmith①The Moriok see the artificer as a taskmaster, forcing lazy metal into more potent shapes.
Painted Bluffs①Centuries of scouring sands have carved and polished the rocky terrain of the Shefet.
Painter's Servant①It gathers hues from the twilight mist so that its master can paint a better world.
Painter's Servant①This whimsical automaton helps create beautiful murals, then stands guard as they dry.
Painwracker Oni①"Blood flows. Blood calls. Blood devours all and only blood remains."↵-Ogre chant
Pair o' Dice Lost①The Astrotorium is a zero-waste facility, meaning it deals with zero of its waste.
Paired Tactician①"If we fight as one, nothing can stand in our way!"
Palace Familiar①"The most profound secrets lie in the darkest places of the world. It can be prudent to make use of another set of eyes."↵-Sidisi, Silumgar vizier
Palace Guard①"I'm not nearly as bothered by being outnumbered as I am by their foul stench."
Palace Sentinels①"One who ruled willing subjects would need no such protection."↵-Adriana, Captain of the Guard
Paladin en-Vec①"I do not consider myself a hero. I know only what the Vec teach: justice must always be served and corruption must always be opposed."
Paladin en-Vec①"Our belief shall be the lance that pierces Volrath's heart."
Paladin of Atonement①For every wound there is a blessing; for every death, a reckoning.
Paladin of the Bloodstained①Closely linked to the Church of Dusk, the paladins of the Bloodstained order are devout to the point of fanaticism.
Pale Bears①"Daughter, on the day you have killed your Pale Bear, then will I give you your true name."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Pale Moon①Denizens of Rath had never seen the moon before. It was a symbol of change, not constancy.
Pale Rider of Trostad①"What's worse than being alone on the moors at night? Try *not* being alone."↵-Nadila Maas, moor chaplain
Pale Wayfarer①As it wandered Shadowmoor, it did not remember its crime-only its shame.
Paleoloth①"Gods do not sleep soundly in the earth's embrace."↵-Mayael the Anima
Palisade Giant①Refusing guild allegiances, she fights for those who can't protect themselves.
Palladia-Mors, the Ruiner①Sister of Nicol Bolas. Survivor of the Elder Dragon War. The most vicious of her kin.
Palladium Myr①The myr are like the Glimmervoid: blank canvases on which to build grand creations.
Pallimud①The old Vec tell tales of a beast that fed on scraps but turned its nose up at the lavish banquet they set in its honor.
Panacea①A drop numbs the tongue. A sip sends the heart racing. A draught reforges the body.
Pandemonium①"If we cannot live proudly, we die so!"↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Pang Tong, "Young Phoenix"①". . . It was Pang Tong's boat-connecting scheme That let Zhou Yu accomplish his great deed."
Pang Tong, "Young Phoenix"①"...It was Pang Ton's boat-connecting scheme That let Zhou Yu accomplish his great deed."
Panglacial Wurm①"Step lightly and we might be able to use it as a bridge."↵-Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Pangosaur①Only Rushwood is vast enough to swallow this creature whole.
Panharmonicon①All who listen hear their own song, a unique melody played just for them.
Panic Attack①"What do they see in the throes of panic? I'm not sure I want to know."↵-Kezim, prodigal pyromancer
Panic Attack①Sometimes everyone decides to go for help at the same time.
Panicked Bystander①"Help! There's been a horrible murder!"
Panic①"If you'd been there, you would've run from that deer, too!"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Panther Warriors①"When you run you're graceful and swift, sleek as a powerful panther."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Panther Warriors①The dogs of war are nothing compared to the cats.
Paper Tiger①The tiger is always quick to fold.
Papercraft Decoy①"And what, precisely, was so important that you left the entrance unguarded?"↵-Fumika, Imperial enforcer
Paradigm Shift①"Barrin always said that reality is relative. 'The world,' he cautioned, 'is but pieces of one's perception.'"↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Paradise Druid①"There are many kinds of duty, and mine is to see our world grow and endure."
Paradise Mantle①"It contains the wisdom of generations of our people. We permit only a chosen few to don the raiment."↵-Imran, Viridian elder
Paradise Plume①A last wisp of paradise in a fallen world.
Paradox Engine①"One look at this glorious item convinced me that Kaladesh deserved my full attention. Sure enough, my time here has yielded exquisite fruit."↵-Tezzeret
Paradox Engine①"This device was submitted to the Fair anonymously. It is imperative that its maker be found. We must understand it."↵-Confiscation directive
Paradox Haze①"Keep your pace steady through the haze, lest you step on the heels of your future self or trip the self a moment behind you."↵-Teferi
Paradoxical Outcome①The results of Rashmi's experimentation forced her to consider the possibility that multitudinous realities existed beyond her own.
Paragon of Modernity①No true angels have been created since the founding of New Capenna, but artisans have learned to craft elegant facsimiles.
Paragon of the Amesha①"Let my lance sing with the voices of angels and the heathen cower before my shield, for I will teach this land the meaning of honor."
Parallax Inhibitor①"The best I can offer is a temporary reprieve."↵-Belbe
Parallectric Feedback①"You can't have so many people living so close together, all practicing so much magic, and not expect some feedback."
Parallel Lives①"There will come a time when the only prey left will be each other."↵-Ulrich of Krallenhorde Pack
Parallel Lives①Neither Urza nor Mishra would admit it, but it was their similarities, rather than their differences, that drove their obsessive rivalry.
Paralyzing Grasp①"Obviously, the Firemind's mission is worth more than a few goblins."↵-Pelener, chamberlain of Niv-Mizzet
Paralyzing Grasp①The Halimar Sea Caves are both the breeding ground of giant squids and the dumping ground of hardened criminals.
Paranoid Parish-Blade①The mind is perfectly capable of creating its own monsters.
Parapet Watchers①A kithkin doun is not so much a town as a fortress, built to withstand the constantly besieging darkness. Only those most watchful and trustworthy are tasked with guarding its walls.
Parapet①There is no wall that can't be improved by making it taller.
Paraselene①"Moonlight has a way of showing all things as they truly are-for better or for worse."↵-Zilla of Lambholt
Parasitic Bond①"All bonds are parasitic. Only rulership is pure."↵-Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Parasitic Grasp①Some wicked souls linger only to consume the warmth of life.
Parasitic Strix①After finding no sustenance on the edges of Grixis, it turned to the skies of Bant.
Parcel Myr①"Crack it open. Maybe it knows something we can use."↵-Kara Vrist, Mirran resistance
Parch①"Your porous flesh betrays you."↵-Fire Eye, viashino bey
Pardic Arsonist①Otaria's epidemic of insanity didn't affect certain barbarians-but no one noticed.
Pardic Collaborator①"We've been taught that strength is everything. So how can an alliance with the strongest be a betrayal?"
Pardic Firecat①"I've heard of putting the cat out, but this isn't what I had in mind."↵-Nomad sentry
Pardic Lancer①He gets to the point right away.
Pardic Miner①"Punch and drag, Toss the slag, Sift the soil, Leave the spoil."
Pardic Swordsmith①A finely crafted blade will never meet as many blows on the battlefield as it did on the anvil.
Pardic Wanderer①"To the head of Archaeological Findings: The excavation schedule at dig site 93-beta must be revised. Part of the site has walked off."↵-Tolarian field dispatch
Parhelion Patrol①"Too many have disappeared in these dark days. I am the light that will lead them home."
Pariah's Shield①To bear the shield of the pariah is the highest honor a Boros can receive-and the last.
Pariah①"It is *not* sad," Radiant chided the lesser angel. "It is right. Every society must have its outcasts."
Pariah①"Why would I consider penance for my actions when I have so many subjects willing to do it for me?"↵-Lord Konda
Pariah①A valiant knight's life has no meaning without honor.
Parish-Blade Trainee①The recruits trained in eternal night, fueled by the hope that they might one day see the sun again.
Park Bleater①Once he stopped eating tickets, Bixby was a model employee.
Park Heights Pegasus①The burglar turned, bowed, and dropped from the ledge onto her waiting mount.
Park Map①It's always up-to-date, so visitors know what rides are open, how long lines are, and which areas are closed due to gremlins.
Park Map①It's always up-to-date, so visitors know what rides are open, how long the lines are, and which areas are closed due to gremlins.
Park Re-Entry①"Control to Truss. Chief, the entry scan software is reading babies as hot dogs. Again."↵-Glaxxar, engineering assistant
Part Water①". . . and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left."↵-Exodus, 14:22
Part the Veil①At the waterfall, the border between the humanoid and the spirit worlds was weakest. The kami moved across it with ease and at will.
Parting Thoughts①"To spend your life seeking, only to find regret upon achieving . . . this is the most delicious irony of all."↵-Leshrac, Walker of Night
Parting Thoughts①"To spend your life seeking, only to find regret upon achieving … this is the most delicious irony of all."↵-Leshrac, Walker of Night
Party Crasher①No rest. No mercy. No reservations.
Pashalik Mons①The thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Passageway Seer①"I'm certain there's a shortcut here . . ."
Passionate Archaeologist①You can't remember a time when you didn't feel the pull of forgotten stories and buried secrets.
Passwall Adept①"My doors are called trespassing, my signatures, forgeries. They don't respect my talents, and I don't respect their labels."
Patagia Golem①It scattered falcons like a lion hunting among jackals.
Patagia Golem①Its wings were only designed to be ornamental, but it learned to use them on its own.
Patagia Tiger①Lukka looked out from the parapet and saw not a monster to be put down, but a fierce kind of beauty.
Patch Up①"Don't tell me who sent you or who you work for. The less I know, the better."
Patchwork Automaton①It dwells happily near the ever-burning forges of Sokenzan City, crafting small things of beauty from discarded scraps.
Patchwork Gnomes①"Just when I get them working, they always start fighting and tearing at each other for spare parts."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Patchwork Gnomes①One wizard's trash is another wizard's roving gang of abominations.
Patchwork Gnomes①When building gnomes, dwarves adhere to the highest standards. The gnomes themselves aren't as particular.
Path of Anger's Flame①"Walking the path of the kami only leaves you with singed feet."↵-Soratami saying
Path of Peace①"When the sword becomes a burden, let the warrior lay it aside that another with a truer heart might take it up."↵-Radiant, archangel
Path of Peace①"You could die famous or you could die old. I chose old."↵-Former soldier
Path of Peace①As Hedrax stepped into oblivion, he welcomed the unwavering silence.
Path of Peace①The soldier reaped the profits of peace.
Path of Peril①To Olivia's guests, a welcome. To everyone else, a warning.
Path to Exile①"Jayce Talis, you are accused of illegal experimentation and endangering the citizens of Piltover."↵-Cassandra Kiramman
Path to Exile①Her resentment vanished as strange, unknown lands opened up before her.
Pathbreaker Ibex①"My skills are wasted here."↵-Juruk, Kalonian tracker
Pathbreaker Ibex①"Not only a wrecking ball, but a trendsetter in its own right."↵-Crocodile Jackson, legendary cowboy
Pathmaker Initiate①"The expected way through the trial is far too tedious."
Pathrazer of Ulamog①No thought but hunger. No strategy but destruction.
Pathway Arrows①Also called "pathway stones," hedron shards can immobilize Eldrazi on contact.
Patient Rebuilding①Nicol Bolas would not rest until he was restored to his former glory.
Patriar's Seal①Only a fool ignores a letter bearing the official mark of a patriar family.
Patriarch's Bidding①"Family plots are so convenient."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Patriarch's Bidding①"There's some new darkness in the air tonight. If I were you, I'd stay home and lock the doors."↵-Ferrick, village warden
Patrician Geist①He rides in agitated circles, snapping orders at servants who've long since found their peace.
Patrician's Scorn①Lady Farisa's contempt of tawdry kitsch grew even more infamous after her death.
Patrol Hound①To the camp, it was a fierce and loyal protector. To the sentry's youngest daughter, it would always be her "Wuv Muffin."
Patrol Signaler①Many a keen-eared bogle has run afoul of a clever and silently orchestrated kithkin ambush.
Patron Wizard①"The best way to teach is by example."
Patron Wizard①„Achte immer auf die Schatten der alten Meister. Sie waren vor dir da und werden noch lange nach dir da sein."↵-Aus Donatos gesammelten Weisheiten
Patron of the Arts①"It's okay. My mother owns the museum."
Patron of the Valiant①"Bant's most gallant knights wear my sigil, and for that I am humbled."
Pattern Matcher①"Good! Now put it with the other widdle bunnies."↵-Sargis Haz, artificer
Paupers' Cage①A cage may keep you in, but it does not keep the stones out.
Pavel Maliki①We all know the legend: Pavel wanders the realms, helping those in greatest need. But is this a measure of his generosity, or of his obligation to atone?
Pay No Heed①"Inhale life. Exhale pain."↵-Mystic elder
Pay No Heed①"My course is before me. There is nothing behind me."
Pay No Heed①"Out of this nettle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*King Henry IV, Part I*
Peace Strider①"The Vanished must have sent it from beyond to aid us in this struggle."↵-Kessla, Sylvok shaman
Peace Talks①"By the tongues of a thousand serpents, this time I do not lie."↵-Ahmahz il Kin, Suq'Ata diplomat
Peace and Quiet①"In time our realm will shine again. But it will gleam only when we scour away the taint of doubt."↵-Radiant, archangel
Peace of Mind①"What can a peasant get for free that an emperor can never buy?"↵-Dal riddle
Peace of Mind①Not all minds touched by the Eldrazi turn to raging psychosis. Some simply withdraw from this world into memories of a better one.
Peace of Mind①Three are the paths of the soul:↵One out-roam across the plain,↵One back-dwell with tribe and tent,↵One in-turn an enemy's hate.
Peacekeeper①"I have always imagined my mother as such a woman, strong and wise."↵-Sisay, journal
Peacewalker Colossus①"Peace? Its sole purpose is fear."↵-Saheeli Rai
Peach Garden Oath①"We three, though of separate ancestry, join in brotherhood . . . . We dare not hope to be together always but hereby vow to die the selfsame day."↵-Peach Garden Oath
Peach Garden Oath①"We three, though of separate ancestry, join in brotherhood. . . . We dare not hope to be together always but hereby vow to die the selfsame day."↵-Peach Garden Oath
Peak Eruption①"Early olive buds? A good omen. Flock of crows? Not so good. Mountain exploding? Bad. Very, very bad."↵-Hira, street oracle
Pearl Dragon①"They knew Bantau was lost when, to hide the pearl he had found on the beach, he swallowed it-and soon grew wings."↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Pearl Shard①Leonin folktales claim it was brought from beyond the sky by the first kha.
Pearled Unicorn①"'Do you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too? I never saw one alive before!' 'Well, now that we *have* seen each other,' said the Unicorn, 'if you'll believe in me, I'll believe in you.'"↵-Lewis Carroll
Pearled Unicorn①"'Do you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too? I never saw one alive before!' 'Well, now that we have seen each other,' said the Unicorn, 'if you'll believe in me, I'll believe in you.'" -Lewis Carroll
Pearled Unicorn①"'Do you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too? I never saw one alive before!' 'Well, now that we have seen each other,' said the Unicorn, 'if you'll believe in me, I'll believe in you.'"↵-Lewis Carroll,↵*Through the Looking-Glass*
Pearled Unicorn①"'Do you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too? I never saw one alive before!'↵'Well, now that we *have* seen each other,' said the Unicorn, 'if you'll believe in me, I'll believe in you.'" -Lewis Carroll, *Through the Looking-Glass*
Pedantic Learning①Even the trivial can inspire.
Peek①In an empty castle far to the south, Li'l Giri found a child sleeping soundly. All was quiet until suddenly . . .
Peek①Sometimes you have to read between the minds.
Peel from Reality①"Soulless demon, you are bound to me. Now we will both dwell in oblivion."
Peel from Reality①When House Dimir's secrets are in danger of exposure, the guild takes drastic measures to cover its tracks.
Peema Aether-Seer①"The Great Conduit connects us all."
Peema Outrider①Connected as artificer and invention, bonded as rider and steed.
Peer into the Abyss①"Oh, don't be so dramatic. When your eyes bleed, and your brain leaks out your ears, then we'll talk about lost sanity."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Peerless Samurai①"I fear I have run out of worthy opponents."
Pegasus Charger①"The clouds came alive and dove to the earth! Hooves flashed among the dark army, who fled before the spectacle of fury."↵-*Song of All*, canto 211
Pegasus Courser①A pegasus chooses its rider, bearing the worthy into the clouds and tossing all others to the ground.
Pegasus Refuge①The first Rath-born pegasus was so offended by the sky that it hid its eyes in the earth.↵-Vec lore
Pelakka Caverns①"As a child, I was afraid of the dark. Now, I'm afraid of the things I know are lurking in the dark, waiting to bite my head off."↵-Sneeflebrix, expedition rogue
Pelakka Predation①"I knew we shouldn't have come this way."↵-Sneeflebrix, expedition rogue
Pelakka Wurm①It eats what it wants to eat-which is anything that moves.
Pendelhaven Elder①The elder who carries the ancestral mantle of Jacques le Vert is tasked with his ancient mission: to protect the creatures of Pendelhaven.
Pendelhaven①"This is the forest primeval. The murmuring pines and the hemlocks . . . / Stand like Druids of old." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Evangeline"
Pendelhaven①"This is the forest primeval. The murmuring pines and the hemlocks . . . / Stand like Druids of old."↵-Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Evangeline"
Pendelhaven①"This is the forest primeval. The murmuring pines and the hemlocks . . . Stand like Druids of eld."↵-Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Evangeline"
Pendelhaven①The limbs of Pendelhaven extend as far as the meek roam, and reach as high as they strive.
Pendrell Drake①The mages of Tolaria found strange ways to spend their free time. Occasionally they had contests to see whose kite was eaten last.
Pendrell Flux①Devoured by the mists, Tolaria was stuck in time, trapped between two eternal heartbeats.
Pendrell Mists①As insubstantial-and as insistent-as appetite.
Pendulum of Patterns①Its elaborate designs reveal secrets of aether's flow.
Pennon Blade①Draped with the pennon of a fallen outpost, the sword came to symbolize the peoples of Zendikar becoming one.
Pensive Minotaur①The Champion and her companions marched through the night, but the battle was over before they arrived. In the middle of the carnage sat a solitary minotaur, lost in what seemed to the Champion to be thought.↵-*The Theriad*
Pentagram of the Ages①"Take this item, for instance. How would it destroy us, Relicbane?"↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Pentagram of the Ages①A mirror, a shield, a promise, a great distance, and a kind word-five ways to avoid harm.
Penumbra Bobcat①This cat has two lives and it's hunting for more.
Penumbra Kavu①"These kavu are so stubborn they even refuse to die."↵-Tahngarth
Penumbra Spider①When it snared a passing cockatrice, its own soul darkly doubled.
Penumbra Wurm①Its ferocity cannot be contained in one lifetime.
People of the Woods①"Their rain of arrows left only myself alive, cowering within a tree hollow. They did not even come out to loot the bodies."↵-Vervamon the Elder
Peppersmoke①Like being trapped in a perpetual sneeze, faerie-dust poisoning is both exhilarating and agonizing.
Peregrine Drake①"Always a welcome sight breaking through the clouds."↵-Talrand, sky summoner
Peregrine Drake①That the Tolarian mists parted for the drakes was warning enough to stay away.
Peregrine Griffin①A griffin is not just an eagle's wings and a lion's claws. It is also the fiercest of hearts.
Peregrine Mask①The mask confers both the prowess of a falcon and its loyalty.
Perfected Form①The final pages of the experiment log were blank. Investigators found it abandoned on a desk in the researcher's lab, open, the pages flipping in the wind from a shattered window.
Perhaps You've Met My Cohort①"I'm calling in a favor from an old friend. Once you're all dead, I'll consider the matter settled."
Perilous Forays①"*This* is the place? This map has got to be wrong . . . ."↵-Svania Trul, wayfinder novice, last words
Perilous Myr①To Mirrodin, an explosive. To Phyrexia, a missionary.
Perilous Predicament①Comrades in life. Comrades in death.
Perilous Research①When the School of the Unseen fell, so many magical treasures lay abandoned that no amount of death could deter the stream of thieves and desperate scholars.
Perilous Shadow①There are some shadows that even the Dimir fear.
Perilous Vault①The spirit dragon Ugin arranged the hedrons of Zendikar to direct leylines of energy. To disrupt one is to unleash devastation and chaos.
Perilous Voyage①For the first time in her life, Vraska tried to prevent death.
Perimeter Captain①"We stand between the jaws of chaos and the mantle of order."
Perimeter Sergeant①"Get in there, soldier! I want a pelt on my wall before lunch!"
Perish the Thought①It removed only one idea from her mind: defiance.
Perish①"There will come a time when the voices of soil and seedling will sing only laments."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Permeating Mass①Woodland geists concluded that Emrakul would be unable to warp the denizens of the forest if the geists got there first.
Pernicious Deed①"The tyrannous and bloody deed is done, The most arch deed of piteous massacre That ever yet this land was guilty of."↵-William Shakespeare, *Richard III*
Pernicious Deed①"The tyrannous and bloody deed is done,↵The most arch deed of piteous massacre↵That ever yet this land was guilty of."↵-William Shakespeare, *Richard III*
Pernicious Deed①"Yawgmoth," Freyalise whispered as she set the bomb, "now you will pay for your treachery."
Perpetual Timepiece①Do not be so caught up in keeping track of time that you forget to make use of it.
Perplexing Test①"Your proofs were a bit nontraditional, but effective nonetheless. Full marks."
Persecute Artist①The torches and pitchforks were no match for Rebecca's fans.
Persecute①"I want every last one of these tree-hugging, earth-loving, pointy-eared weaklings out of here. Now!"
Persecute①"My finest warrior was lost to the Phyrexians. I pray that Lady Selenia died honorably."↵-Radiant, archangel
Persecute①"Of all the tyrannies on humane kind The worst is that which persecutes the mind."↵-John Dryden, "The Hind and the Panther"
Persistent Nightmare①"It seemed so real!"
Persistent Petitioners①". . . a decreased duration of synodic months would be most welcome. Also . . ."
Persistent Petitioners①". . . the king's burning heart must be laid to rest at last. And furthermore . . ."
Persistent Petitioners①". . . we demand a repeal of those ridiculous sumptuary laws. Additionally . . ."
Persistent Petitioners①". . . we will no longer sit idly by, fearing for our lives! To that end . . ."
Persistent Petitioners①"...cake. The Overmind demands cake. The Overmind also requires that..."
Persistent Petitioners①"...we need seeds, yo."↵"Lots of seeds, and..."
Persistent Specimen①"The jaw bone's connected to the skull bone. The skull bone's connected to the . . . uh . . . hook thingy."↵-Garl, sticher's assistant
Persist①Action: Show a kithkin (see pg. 28) emerging from under the ground where he was buried.
Persist①In the tight-knit doun of Mistmeadow, death is less important than duty.
Personal Sanctuary①"There is a place deep within my soul where no foe can intrude and no tyrant can conquer."↵-Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Persuasion①"Protocol demands that you bow down before me. I always stand on protocol."
Persuasion①There's no telling what an accomplished mage might collect.
Pest Infestation①A thousand years of history undone by one juvenile prank.
Pest Summoning①"Step 1: Put the pests in mud.↵"Step 2: Wait."↵-*Gyome's Guide to Pest Breeding*
Pestermite①The fae know when they're not wanted. That's precisely why they show up.
Pestilence Demon①"I have schemed too long to be supplanted by dead gods. If I cannot have this world, no one can."
Pestilent Haze①"Your crops will rot. The air itself will turn against you. You will suffer as I have suffered."↵-Karaz, outcast
Pestilent Spirit①Its stench corrodes steel. Its miasma sickens angels. Its finality ends hope.
Pestilent Wolf①Wolves that feast on zombie flesh and survive carry the foul diseases of the dead wherever they roam.
Petra Sphinx①What walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?
Petrahydrox①It departs through the streets' fissures with a sound like gravel pouring into a pond.
Petting Zookeeper①Calling it a "petting zoo" really saved on the cages.
Pewter Golem①Centuries before the first chimneys of Mephidross belched clouds of toxic gas, only the golems' movements stirred the air of Mirrodin.
Phalanx Leader①His soldiers etch his words on the insides of their shields, their inspiration always in sight during battle.
Phalanx Tactics①Every soldier has a place to stand and a role to play.
Phantasmal Abomination①Create an illusion so strong that it becomes another's reality, and you can become the master of all.
Phantasmal Bear①"You know it to be false, but when its claws find you, what you know won't matter much at all."↵-Pol Jamaar, illusionist
Phantasmal Dragon①Its hunger and ire are no less for being wrought of lies and mist.
Phantasmal Dreadmaw①"That was perhaps the most terrifying thing I thought I almost saw."↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Phantasmal Dreadmaw①Action: Using the original art of Colossal Dreadmaw as inspiration, design an illusionary version of the dinosaur.
Phantasmal Forces①These beings embody the essence of true heroes long dead. Summoned from the dreamrealms, they rise to meet their enemies.
Phantasmal Form①Within each of us lurks the fathomless.
Phantom Beast①As insubstantial as fear, and as dangerous.
Phantom Carriage①Passage to the abyss is free, but the return trip will cost you.
Phantom General①After his death, the general was reunited with fallen soldiers from over thirty of his campaigns.
Phantom Monster①"While, like a ghastly rapid river, Through the pale door A hideous throng rush out forever, And laugh-but smile no more."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Monster①"While, like a ghastly rapid river, Through the pale door, A hideous throng rush out forever, And laugh-but smile no more." -Edgar Allan Poe, "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Monster①"While, like a ghastly rapid river, Through the pale door, A hideous throng rush out forever, And laugh-but smile no more."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Monster①"While, like a ghastly rapid river,↵Through the pale door,↵A hideous throng rush out forever,↵And laugh-but smile no more."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Monster①Is it an amalgamation of faded memories or the projection of a half-remembered dream? Neither answer offers any comfort.
Phantom Ninja①"Ninjas can run across water, pull ladders from pockets, kill with a kiss, and slip between bricks. Pack of lies, I say."↵-Benden, teahouse gossip
Phantom Warrior①"Fishtails infest the water, and mists walk the land. Give me simple solid rock any day."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Phantom Warrior①"Only when I saw my enemy walk through all my defenses, untouchable as the moon in the sky, did I truly know what it is to be afraid."↵-King Ixes
Phantom Warrior①"The construction of a defense is not accomplished by adding bricks."↵-Jace Beleren
Phantom Warrior①"There are as many pillows of illusion as flakes in a snow-storm. We wake from one dream into another dream."↵-Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Illusions"
Phantom Warrior①It can pass through solid matter-but that doesn't mean it's harmless.
Phantom Warrior①The phantom warrior comes from nowhere and returns there just as quickly.
Phantom Whelp①It lurks in the mist, waiting for stragglers to fall behind. When the fog clears, nothing remains but footprints.
Phantom Wings①"But you *said* 'when goats fly!'" Squee whined.
Phantom Wings①Many kami could fly, which put some warriors at a distinct disadvantage. The mages of Minamo took it upon themselves to correct that imbalance.
Phantom Wurm①It died with the forest, yet both linger on in twisted form.
Pharika's Chosen①The serpents' dens built into statues of Pharika serve not only to consecrate her temples, but as a hidden line of defense.
Pharika's Cure①"The venom cleanses the sickness from your body, but it will not be pleasant, and you may not survive. Pharika's blessings are fickle."↵-Solon, acolyte of Pharika
Pharika's Libation①"If you will not pour your drink out for me, I shall pour mine out for you."
Pharika's Mender①"The direst venom becomes a panacea under Pharika's guidance. I bring it to the worthy, clinging at the edge of the abyss."
Phase Dolphin①"You've never had to trust your breath to an inhuman creature who could crush you at its whim, and I truly feel sorry for you."↵-Eagan, seabonder
Pheres-Band Centaurs①"Poets speak of your unrivaled speed," the Champion said to the assembled centaurs, "but it is plain to see that your true strength lies in your unwavering loyalty to one another."↵-*The Theriad*
Pheres-Band Raiders①"Who can deny the call to battle when it sings in our blood?"
Pheres-Band Thunderhoof①"Flesh and bone or star and shadow. It makes no difference to my club."
Pheres-Band Tromper①Trompers are the most feared warriors of the Pheres Band. Anger is their lifeblood. It sustains them and gives them purpose.
Pheres-Band Warchief①The renowned warchiefs of Pheres Band fight with the might of minotaurs and the sagacity of sphinxes.
Phoebe, Head of S.N.E.A.K.①This space intentionally left blank.
Phoenix Heart①"The minute I heard my first love story,↵I started looking for you, not knowing↵how blind that was.↵Lovers don't finally meet somewhere.↵They're in each other all along."↵-Rumi
Phosphorescent Feast①"Mushroom Queen sits among her spores, Enjoying life and avoiding chores."↵-Ibblian pixie ditty
Phosphorescent Feast①The boggarts gorged themselves until their bellies glowed.
Phyresis①"Perfection is at hand. You have been freed of weakness and made *compleat*."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexia's Core①"So even the heart of our world has succumbed."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Phyrexian Altar①"Unskin these impure bodies, Great Yawgmoth, that the flesh may welcome your blessings."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Phyrexian Altar①"Your life was meaningless, but your death will glorify Yawgmoth."↵-Tsabo Tavoc
Phyrexian Altar①Offerings must first be freed from the prison of their own skin before they're welcomed into the Flesh Singularity.
Phyrexian Arena①A drop of humanity for a sea of power.
Phyrexian Arena①A spark of resistance against a tide of corruption.
Phyrexian Arena①A whisper of authority rises over a cacophony of grinding machines.
Phyrexian Arena①An audience of one with the malice of thousands.
Phyrexian Battleflies①After encountering them, Squee finally lost his appetite for bugs.
Phyrexian Bloodstock①It reeks of terror and chaos.
Phyrexian Boon①"Dagsson should have paid attention to the lessons of Phyrexia before attempting to create a mechanical utopia."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Phyrexian Boon①"Phyrexia's touch is painful to all but the blackest of hearts."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Phyrexian Broodlings①With limited resources and near unlimited time, Kerrick used parts from one beast to build another.
Phyrexian Debaser①"The second stage of the illness: high fever and severe infectiousness."↵-Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Defiler①"The third stage of the illness: muscle aches and persistent cough."↵-Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Delver①Because the dead have no will to resist.
Phyrexian Denouncer①"The first stage of the illness: rash and nausea."↵-Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Digester①"Our cause will ripen in the fertile flesh of the unworthy."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexian Driver①Although the abuse was initially effective, the troops soon became numb to it.
Phyrexian Espionage①"Even if they're hunting for sleeper agents, who looks twice at a bird?"↵-Rona
Phyrexian Gargantua①Other Phyrexians have nightmares about the gargantua.
Phyrexian Ghoul①Phyrexia wastes nothing. Its food chain is a spiraling cycle.
Phyrexian Grimoire①Every page cost a life; every secret cost a thousand more.
Phyrexian Hulk①"They are convenient in having no souls, but less so in having no spirit."↵-Volrath
Phyrexian Hulk①An invasion weapon of ages past, the glistening oil contained the blueprints of countless atrocities.
Phyrexian Hulk①It doesn't think. It doesn't feel. It doesn't laugh or cry. All it does from dusk till dawn Is make the soldiers die.↵-Onean children's rhyme
Phyrexian Hulk①It doesn't think. It doesn't feel.↵It doesn't laugh or cry.↵All it does from dusk till dawn↵Is make the soldiers die.↵-Onean children's rhyme
Phyrexian Infiltrator①"It is Yawgmoth's will incarnate: an efficient machine that replaces inefficient flesh."↵-Tsabo Tavoc
Phyrexian Ironfoot①It took the Rimewind cultists days to realize they had successfully activated the creature-it just wasn't interested in moving.
Phyrexian Juggernaut①Where nature impedes, Phyrexians overcome.
Phyrexian Lens①"There's nothing I wouldn't give to achieve victory. Can you say the same?"↵-Tsabo Tavoc, to Gerrard
Phyrexian Monitor①Being one would be an honor, if the word "honor" had any meaning in Phyrexia.
Phyrexian Negator①They exist to cease.
Phyrexian Obliterator①"Behold blessed perfection."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexian Plaguelord①"The final stage of the illness: delirium, convulsions, and death."↵-Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Purge①Only those who have nothing have nothing to fear.
Phyrexian Rager①"I believe many worlds will bow to Phyrexia. Mirrodin is merely the first."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexian Rager①"Resist if you must. It makes no difference. As with Mirrodin, your world will bow to Phyrexia."↵-Sheoldred
Phyrexian Rager①It takes no prisoners, but it keeps the choicest bits for Phyrexia.
Phyrexian Reaper①It desires only to help others shed the itchy wet skin of life.
Phyrexian Rebirth①As long as one drop of the oil exists, the joyous work continues.
Phyrexian Reclamation①Death is no excuse to stop working.
Phyrexian Revoker①"These skittering creatures were created to hunt the one true threat to Phyrexia: dissent."↵-Venser, journal
Phyrexian Revoker①"To be in the presence of a revoker is to be truly alone."↵-Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Phyrexian Revoker①Basic senses like sight and taste are reserved for those in power.
Phyrexian Slayer①Benalia was only the first nation victimized by Tsabo Tavoc's specialized killers.
Phyrexian Snowcrusher①Its plow wasn't designed for snow, but to carve a path through shrieking armies.
Phyrexian Soulgorger①The Phyrexian minds that constructed it did not live past its awakening.
Phyrexian Tower①"Yawgmoth is dead, and his citadels lie empty. But there will always be some who seek power at any price."↵-Karn
Phyrexian Tower①Living metal encasing dying flesh.
Phyrexian Tower①There was one great tomb more lordly than all of the rest; huge it was, and nobly proportioned. On it was but one word↵DRACULA.
Phyrexian Tribute①"In your final breath you still have something to offer Phyrexia."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Phyrexian Tyranny①"He is Yawgmoth's reward to me. I shall kill him a hundred times a day."↵-Crovax, to Ertai
Phyrexian Vault①"The secrets of Phyrexia are expensive. You will pay in brass and bone, steel and sinew."↵-Kaervek
Phyrexian Vivisector①Before he was the Father of Machines, Yawgmoth was a twisted Thran physician, and his legacy of medical atrocities lives on in New Phyrexia.
Phyrexian Walker①"I have heard terrible tales of black rains, ashen fields, and metal that screams. I have consoled myself that the tales were a myth of some fevered mind. But today I saw a walker-and now I fear the truth."↵-Kasib Ibn Naji, Letters
Phyrexian War Beast①"Deal with the spawn of Phyrexia cautiously; only with time may we control them."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Phyrexian War Beast①"Knowing its origins, how could they have thought they could control it?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Phyrexian War Beast①"Knowing its origins, how could they have thought they could control it?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Phytoburst①Phytohydras are banned as houseplants in many residential spires. If left unfed, they find their own exit-usually at the cost of extensive property damage.
Phytohydra①"Look at this creature, so like the Conclave it serves. Cut one head and it grows two. Damage it and it flourishes."↵-Veszka, Selesnya evangel
Phytotitan①Its root system spans the entire floor of the jungle, making eradication impossible.
Pia's Revolution①Pia's passion was directed at the big picture-at making real, lasting change.
Pianna, Nomad Captain①Some find inspiration in their swords. Others find it in their leaders.
Pie-Eating Contest①The pie was outstanding. The cobbler tasted like shoes.
Pieces of the Puzzle①"The clues have begun to reveal a truth I hesitate to accept."
Pierce Strider①"Pain isn't a negative stimulus. Pain is a sign of your imperfection."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Pierce the Sky①Llanowar elves conceal their ballistae in the upper canopy of the forest, ready to clear the skies of any intruder.
Piercing Light①"Creatures of the night dissolve like shadows in the light of faith."↵-Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
Piercing Rays①The forecast calls for pain.
Piety①"Whoever obeys God and His Prophet, fears God and does his duty to Him, will surely find success." -The Qur'an, 24:52
Piety①"Whoever obeys God and His Prophet, fears God and does his duty to Him, will surely find success."↵-*The Qur'an, 24:52*
Pigment Storm①When art projects collapse, Prismari students revel in the beauty of destruction. Everyone else runs for cover.
Pikemen①"As the cavalry bore down, we faced them with swords drawn and pikes hidden in the grass at our feet. 'Don't lift your pikes 'til I give the word,' I said." -Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Pikemen①"As the cavalry bore down, we faced them with swords drawn and pikes hidden in the grass at our feet. 'Don't lift your pikes 'til I give the word,' I said."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Pikemen①"As the cavalry bore down, we faced them with swords drawn and pikes hidden in the grass at our feet. 'Don't lift your pikes 'til I give the word,' I said."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh,↵*Memoirs of a Soldier*
Pilfered Plans①Mirko Vosk hunted anyone with knowledge of the maze, draining the chances of the other guilds.
Pilfering Hawk①"Well, at least it left us a mouse in exchange. Er . . . ugh . . . make that half a mouse."↵-Binhald, Beskir veteran
Pilfer①To the merchant, it was nothing more than a few missing trinkets. To Tinybones, it was the greatest heist of all time.
Pilgrim of Justice①"I would die a thousand deaths before I let you harm another."
Pilgrim of Virtue①"A life is measured by the lives it saves."
Pilgrim of the Fires①The most skilled Jeskai artisans can craft imposing golems with such precision that they will last an eternity-the time believed necessary to master the Fires of the Jeskai Way.
Pilgrim's Eye①Charting the Spine of the World is best left to the disposable.
Pilgrim's Eye①Each time it is sent to find a safe haven, it takes longer to return.
Pilgrim's Eye①The kor send their thopter kites to see if the land is in a welcoming mood.
Pili-Pala①It wasn't really expected to fly. Then again, it wasn't expected to move, either.
Pillage①"Burn their homes. Salt their lands. Nothing survives."↵-The Western Paladin
Pillage①"The embers of our homes still smolder, and already the villages of Kjeldor burn in retaliation. What they have started, we will finish."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes
Pillage①"Were they to reduce us to ash, we would clog their throats and sting their eyes in payment."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Pillage①"Were they to reduce us to ash, we would clog their throats and sting their eyes in payment."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Pillar Tombs of Aku①"Aku, City of Hidden Graves / Aku, City of Lost Kings / Aku, welcome me."↵-Pillar tomb inscription
Pillar of Flame①"May the worthy spend an eternity in Blessed Sleep. May the wicked find the peace of oblivion."
Pillar of Flame①May the worthy spend an eternity in Blessed Sleep. May the wicked find the peace of oblivion.
Pillar of Light①"The vaulted ceiling of our faith rests upon such pillars."↵-Darugand, banisher priest
Pillar of War①Just because a temple has no guards doesn't mean it's undefended.
Pillar of the Paruns①Built on the very ground where the Ten signed the Guildpact, the tower is a monument to the past and a reminder of who holds power in the present.
Pillardrop Rescuer①Gentle hands of stone whisk the careless from the crumbling ruins of Pillardrop.
Pillardrop Warden①A giant statue of a dwarf is still a giant statue.
Pillarfield Ox①"May starving fleas birth a thousand generations on your stubborn hide, cow!"↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Pillarfield Ox①"You old, immobile clod! If I could stuff your doltish head with knowledge, I'd do it just so someone else could fully comprehend what your stubbornness has cost me!"↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Pillarfield Ox①These stubborn and unpredictable oxen inspire the plains nomads' most colorful curses.
Pillarverge Pathway①"The oxen here take an almost feline delight in pushing things over the edge."↵-Akiri, kor line-slinger
Pillory of the Sleepless①Which is worse-the sleep which never ends or that which never comes?
Pin to the Earth①"Mortal strength, like mortal hope, is so easily crushed."↵-Thassa, god of the sea
Pincher Beetles①"No fair Since when does a bug get ta munch on *me*?"↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Pincher Beetles①"No fair! Since when does a bug get ta munch on *me*?"↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Pinion Feast①"Even paradise is not without tragedies."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Pinnacle of Rage①Mount Sulano erupted not in magma but in anger.
Pinpoint Avalanche①"Some solve problems by thinking and talking. Others use rocks."↵-Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Pious Evangel①"My faith guides my hand . . ."
Pious Interdiction①"Ours is the true and righteous path. You will bow before our might."
Pious Warrior①The Cho-Arrim make no distinction between healers and soldiers.
Pious Wayfarer①Every footstep is a prayer, every road a temple.
Piper of the Swarm①"If it has ears, it will dance to my tune."
Piper's Melody①Those who follow nature's path eventually walk in a circle.
Pippa, Duchess of Dice①When it came to following her orders, it was do and die.
Pir, Imaginative Rascal①Pir always had a *very *big imagination.
Piracy①The sea gives, and the sea takes. Some just help with the taking.
Pirate's Pillage①Goblins can carry their body weight in loot.
Pirate's Prize①Nothing warms the heart like plunder.
Piru, the Volatile①Chasms of dueling energies course within her.
Piston Sledge①Only the goblins could make a simple machine so complex.
Piston-Fist Cyclops①Its hyperpneumatics can punch through a wall and the spy on the other side.
Pistus Strike①"Even a nuisance such as the pistus fly has a purpose in our new world."↵-Glissa
Pit Fight①"All the coins in Ravnica can't save his soul now."↵-Narbulg Nine Fingers
Pit Imp①The moans of the Death Pits were underscored by the chattering of imps, for whom the ship was cause for much discussion.
Pit Keeper①"The undead are not 'awakened.' They are evicted when there is no room left in the pit for more bodies."
Pit Scorpion①Sometimes the smallest nuisance can be the greatest pain.
Pit Trap①"These traps are truly a symbol of great cruelty and sinister cunning."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Pit Trap①Never forget your feet↵-Elvish expression meaning "watch your step"
Pit Trap①Yotian soldiers were designed to fight, not watch their feet.
Pitchburn Devils①The ingenuity of goblins, the depravity of demons, and the smarts of sheep.
Pitchstone Wall①Its material may not be precious, but the minds it protects are.
Pitfall Trap①Each spike is poisoned-the trapmaker's idea of mercy.
Pith Driller①After boring up through the crust of Mirrodin, it turned its expertise upon the surface dwellers.
Pithing Needle①It disables with pinpoint accuracy.
Pithing Needle①Occasionally a skaab remembers too much of its former life. Luckily, there's an easy cure.
Pithing Needle①Phyrexians spent countless hours unsuccessfully trying to harvest and recreate blinkmoth serum.
Pithing Needle①The fearful want the procedure before a blood festival. The guilty seek it afterward.
Pitiless Gorgon①"The reign of the Swarm begins. Let us rise now and dress ourselves in vengeance."
Pitiless Plunderer①"Shame to let good gold go to the grave."
Pitiless Pontiff①"Pay in gold. Pay in blood. Pay with the servitude of your spirit kin. But pay you must."
Pixie Guide①Pixies are well known as pranksters, but some delight in more helpful magic.
Plagiarize①"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Plague Beetle①It is the harbinger of disease, not the carrier.
Plague Beetle①No one knows whether they were named for the disease they carry or for the speed at which they multiply.
Plague Beetle①No one knows whether they were named for the diseases they carry or for the speed at which they multiply.
Plague Dogs①They're not just retrievers, they're carriers.
Plague Drone①High-ranking plaguebearers of Nurgle's realm ride into realspace mounted upon Rot Flies-colossal daemonic insects whose appearance is so repugnant it scars the mind.
Plague Engineer①"The lasting effects are invariably fatal."↵-Phyrexian progress notes
Plague Fiend①As the strange plague ravaged Jamuraa, the fiends multiplied.
Plague Mare①When it passes, those who sleep dream of sickness and death.
Plague Myr①They watch for a new master, one more sinister than the last.
Plague Rats①"Should you a Rat to madness tease Why ev'n a Rat may plague you . . . ."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats①"Should you a Rat to madness tease Why ev'n a Rat may plague you. . ." -Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats①"Should you a Rat to madness tease Why ev'n a Rat may plague you..." -Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats①"Should you a Rat to madness tease↵Why ev'n a Rat may plague you..."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats①During the dark times, the rats seemed to grow ever stronger.
Plague Sliver①A sliver shares everything with its hive-even its afflictions.
Plague Spores①"Breathe deep, Dominaria. Breathe deep and die."↵-Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Plague Stinger①It leaves its victims one sting closer to phyresis.
Plague Wight①For some goods, the best couriers are the dead.
Plague Wind①"The second wind of ascension is Reaver, slaying the unworthy."↵-*Keld Triumphant*
Plague Witch①"I can ail what cures you."
Plaguebearer①Its respiration is your expiration.
Plaguecrafter①"My power is generosity, in a way. I give my survivors an appreciation for their lives."
Plagued Rusalka①"Look at her, once filled with innocence. Death has a way of wringing away such . . . deficiencies."↵-Savra
Plaguemaw Beast①Phyrexia's spiral of consumption grows ever wider and darker.
Plains①After spending all day trying to track down a rare tome, you're about to give up when you hear your name whispered from a dark alley.
Plains①Lady Bormul claims an owlbear has been trampling her fields, but there's something unnatural about the tracks it left behind.
Plains①Searching for a vanished caravan that was bound for Silverymoon, you've come to a bank of mysterious fog.
Plains①Seeking to learn why the ancestors have fallen silent, you've made your way to their ancient cairns.
Plains①Venturing beneath the desert sands, you've discovered an alien power pulsing with inconceivable energy.
Plains①You arrive at Baldur's Gate with instructions to head straight to the heart of the rumor mill: the bakery.
Plains①You've heard rumors of bandits along the Coast Way, but your journey so far has even surprisingly uneventful.
Plains①You've traced the tensions in Ten-Towns to the dwindling reindeer populations ... but what has been hunting them?
Planar Ally①Her light touches every corner and her wings brush either wall, leaving no place for evil to lurk.
Planar Birth①"From womb of nothingness sprang this place of beauty, purity, and hope realized."↵-*Song of All*, canto 3
Planar Bridge①"It is finished. Now the real work can begin."↵-Tezzeret
Planar Bridge①"Rashmi's design was just the beginning. We are most eager to see what the High Consul has planned for it."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Planar Bridge①Its power levels are off the charts.
Planar Collapse①With heavy heart, Urza doused one world's light to rekindle another's.
Planar Despair①All of Dominaria recoiled as Yawgmoth and his retainers arrived.
Planar Gate①Nireya reached through the Gate, sensing the energies trapped beyond.
Planar Guide①"Every moment has its own savior."
Planar Incision①Jin-Gitaxias had long coveted the secrets of planeswalking. Spirits that could pass between worlds made for perfect test subjects.
Planar Overlay①The Phyrexians don't want to conquer Dominaria. They want to remake it.
Planar Portal①The sky split, and the air crackled and roiled. The Phyrexian invasion of Dominaria had finally begun.
Planar Portal①These devices have been known to pull entire worlds through the Æther.
Planar Void①"Planeswalking isn't about walking. It's about falling and screaming."↵-Xantcha, Phyrexian outcast
Planebound Accomplice①"Told you I had friends."
Planeswalker's Favor①Freyalise strengthens her faithful.
Planeswalker's Mirth①"I enjoy a good joke as much as the next guy."↵-Commodore Guff
Plant Tadpoles①"Your mind belongs to the Emperor now."
Plasm Capture①"Everything serves a purpose. Even you."↵-Vorel of the Hull Clade
Plasma Elemental①"I watched a ship sail right through it. I thought it was harmless . . . until I saw what it had done to the crew."↵-Bruenna, Neurok leader
Plasmancer①Masters of dimensional dissonance, singularity manipulation, and countless other technologies, plasmancers are terrifying to behold.
Plate Spinning①For extra style points, spin them.
Plateau①2018 Asia Legacy Champion
Plated Crusher①"It might fight the Eldrazi, but don't mistake it for a companion, Gideon. It's not interested in your concept of strength through unity."↵-Najiya, leader of the Tajuru
Plated Geopede①"Kor armorers buy the scales and claws. Elf oracles buy the rest."↵-Nablus, North Hada trapper
Plated Geopede①It prefers a cooked meal, so it will eat you now and lava-bask later.
Plated Rootwalla①" . . . And the third little boar built his house out of rootwalla plates . . . ."↵-Skyshroud children's story
Plated Seastrider①The Neurok buried entangling cables just under the Quicksilver Sea. One seastrider harvest can provide an army's worth of armor and shields.
Plated Slagwurm①Beneath the Tangle, the wurm tunnels stretch . . . wide as a stone's throw, long as forever, deep as you dare.
Plated Sliver①Overcoming extinction has only made the slivers more determined to live.
Plated Spider①Most spiders wait patiently for their prey to arrive. Most spiders aren't forty feet tall.
Plated Wurm①"I'd hate to see the bird that could get *this* wurm!"↵-Alaborn soldier
Platinum Angel①"Adi Thandray's angel is a Priority One confiscation from the Fair. Once you see it, you'll understand why."↵-Confiscation directive
Platinum Angel①In its heart lies the secret of immortality.
Platinum Angel①On shining argent wings she came, declaring that no harm would befall her charge.
Platinum Angel①She is the apex of the artificer's craft, the spirit of the divine called out of base metal.
Platinum Emperion①It ignores such insignificant forces as time, entropy, and death.
Play of the Game①The most sensational plays send everyone home breathless.
Play with Fire①Devils find human dwellings to be oppressively cold, dark, and unburnt.
Plea for Guidance①On Theros, the dove is a symbol not of peace but of discovery. Quick wings herald the arrival of a revelation.
Pledge of Loyalty①Urza convinced many Dominarians not only to set aside their differences, but to embrace them.
Pledge of Unity①"No one hero will save this day. Today we must all be heroes."↵-Gideon Jura
Plot Armor①"If you've got words, we're going to have words."
Plots That Span Centuries①"I don't expect you to understand the myriad ways in which you're about to die."
Plover Knights①The knights are a major attraction at every Lammastide festival. Teams of riders perform daring feats of flight to the delight of all below.
Plow Through Reito①The paths of the kami crisscrossed Kamigawa like scars left by a maddened surgeon.
Plow Under①To renew the land, plow the land. To destroy the land, do nothing.↵-Druids' saying
Plow Under①To renew the land, plow the land.↵To destroy the land, do nothing.↵-Druids' saying
Plumb the Forbidden①Strixhaven forbade all magic from the Blood Age, so that is where Extus began his research.
Plumeveil①"It was vast, a great sheet of soaring wings, and equally silent. It caught us unawares and blocked our view of the kithkin stronghold."↵-Grensch, merrow cutthroat
Plummet①"A creature of stone was never meant to fly. And I see the Ulvenwald agrees with me."↵-Halana, Kessig ranger
Plummet①"Even the pterodon, who chases the clouds from its skies, must bow to the great forest below."↵-Mahuiz, Sun Empire archer
Plummet①"Let nothing own the skies but the wind."↵-Dejara, Giltwood druid
Plummet①"Still, the pterodon chasing the clouds from its skies must bow to the great forest below."↵-Mahuiz, Sun Empire archer
Plummet①"You are the grandest of all," said the archdruid to the trees. They became so proud of bark and branch that they suffered no creature to fly overhead or perch upon a bough.
Plummet①An arrow from Nylea's bow never fails to find its mark.
Plummet①Scavengers follow in Skysail's shadow, feasting on the carcasses of monsters that attacked the floating city.
Plummet①The dragon's noxious breath withered the forest. The whistle of a hundred arrows filled the air. The ground roiled as if shaken by an earthquake. The tyrant fell from the sky.
Plummet①The elf's blade carved deep into the Eldrazi drone's fleshy lattices. Without a sound, the drone lost equilibrium and tumbled from the sky.
Pointed Discussion①Small talk is a dying art.
Pointy Finger of Doom①"I would have made a 'Spin-The-Bottle' joke if I thought anyone reading this had ever played the game."↵-Bucky, flavor text writer
Pointy Finger of Doom①Nails and destruction on point.
Poison Arrow①In ancient China, not wearing armor could be a fatal mistake. Guan Yu, Zhou Yu, Sun Ce, and other heros were struck by poison arrows.
Poison the Blade①"Breath of basilisk, sting of scorpion, or medusa's tears? All may be distilled, for a price."
Poison the Cup①Dark schemes cut down what armies cannot.
Poison the Well①Wells that provide clean, unhaunted water are rare enough to be worth building an entire town around.
Poison-Tip Archer①"One more step and you're mine."
Poisonbelly Ogre①Some claim it's a failed Simic experiment, others say a Golgari creation. Both guilds deny all responsibility, while secretly studying its strange virulence.
Polar Kraken①"It was big. Really, really, big. No, bigger than that. It was *big!*"↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Polar Kraken①"It was big. Really, really, big. No, bigger than that. It was big!"↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Political Trickery①"Politics is a game-move a stone here, move a stone there-except sometimes the stones bleed."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Polluted Bonds①The mystic bond between spellcasters and the land is just as vulnerable to attack as the casters themselves.
Polluted Dead①After the zombie attack, crops withered on the vine, and the thriving village became a ghost town almost overnight.
Polluted Delta①Where dragons once prevailed, their bones now sink.
Polluted Mire①As the continent sank over the course of eons, the tomb complex slowly flooded. The sleeping Necrons, their stasis crypts corrupted, never awoke.
Pollywog Symbiote①It always knew it was destined to be more than a frog.
Polymorphist's Jest①"The flies were bothering me."↵-Jalira, master polymorphist
Polymorph①"Ahh! Opposable digits!"
Polyraptor①An innumerable pack is concealed in a single reflection.
Pondering Mage①"Never leave the future to fate."
Ponder①"We see the same sky as you, just through a different lens."
Ponder①"Will the future be brighter?" asked the girl. Rielle smiled. "I will teach you how to make it so."
Ponder①Tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Pongify①Some spellcrafting mistakes go on to become spells of their own.
Pooling Venom①The land can only hold so much poison before it begins to bite back.
Poor House①Give, and ye shall receive
Pop Quiz①"Today is hydromancy? I thought it was amplimancy! I studied for amplimancy!"
Poppet Factory①It may have been a mistake to give them minds of their own.
Popular Entertainer①The last thing anyone would describe you as is shy. You love the spotlight, and it loves you back.
Porcelain Legionnaire①"My new design has lightweight plating specially cultivated from heretics' spare tissues."↵-Izathel, priest of the Annex
Pore Over the Pages①"'I'm certain that the fate of Markov Manor is connected to these cryptoliths . . .' This Tamiyo was on to something."
Port Inspector①"There may be a few minor additional fees, levies, duties, surtaxes, tariffs, imposts, tolls . . . ."
Port Razer①"Smash and grab, loot and burn, then it is the next town's turn!"
Port Town①A haunted fog known as the Nebelgast shrouds the cities along Nephalia's coast.
Port Town①The Imperium's most peaceful worlds serve only to arm and supply the others.
Portable Hole①"They fall for it every time."
Portal of Sanctuary①"If you need to disappear for a while, I know a place."↵-Bilivus, master archivist
Portcullis Vine①Nature's way of saying "take the long way home."
Portent of Betrayal①Mogis can fan a small flame of resentment into an inferno of madness.
Portrait of Michiko①Long ago, as the first mortal to bond with Kyodai, Michiko Konda brought an end to the Kami War and guided Kamigawa into an age of truth and harmony.
Possessed Skaab①A stitcher's attempt at a skaab with a soul.
Potion of Healing①Magic can knit the body back together, but the courage to fight on comes only from within.
Poultice Sliver①"Its broad claw suggests a chitinous shield, but in fact it conceals glands that secrete a remarkably swift healing agent."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Poultrygeist①Farmer Brown never ate eggs again.
Pounce①The drive to hunt and feed is raw instinct for dinosaurs. The trick is simply to channel it in the right direction.
Pouncing Cheetah①Rhonas's monument is home to a wider variety of creatures than anywhere else in the city of Naktamun-a feature most initiates fail to appreciate.
Pouncing Jaguar①One pounce, she's hungry-you die quickly. Two, she's teaching her cubs-you're in for a long day.
Pouncing Lynx①"I don't understand. He's normally so well behaved!"
Power Armor①"Great peril demands formidable weaponry."↵-Urza
Power Conduit①Never content, vedalken artificers continually tinker with their creations.
Power Matrix①As he repaired the ship's planeswalking engine, Karn saw for the first time how he could catalyze the *Weatherlight*'s evolution.
Power Word Kill①Aramil issued a long, heroic challenge, then the lich felled him with a single word.
Power of Fire①The cinders believe their flame was stolen by one they call the Extinguisher. All who now wield fire draw their desperate wrath.
Powerleech①The Forest of Argoth has developed a resistance to mechanical intrusion.
Powerstone Minefield①"We have fought this far and lost too much. We will not turn back."↵-Grizzlegom
Powerstone Shard①"Light passing through a powerstone is refracted by eternity and colored by planar energy. I wonder how the world appeared through Urza's eyes?"↵-Teferi
Poxwalkers①Poxwalkers are victims of the Walking Pox, a cruel virulence which rots the infected to death while keeping them conscious.
Practical Research①The twins each researched spells to defeat Extus in their own way. Will hit the library. Rowan hit everything else.
Practiced Tactics①Each individual has their own crucial role to play.
Pradesh Gypsies①"A mysterious people indeed. Their origins are as secret as their traditions."↵-Lord Magnus of Llanowar
Praetor's Counsel①As the Phyrexian contagion corroded Karn's body, the praetors whispered psalms to corrupt his mind.
Praetor's Grasp①"Wake up, new Phyrexian Planeswalker! You will not be the last."↵-Jin-Gitaxias
Praetor's Grasp①Sheoldred weaves every thread of information into a noose to hang her enemies.
Prahv, Spires of Order①Prahv, where much work is done to make sure nothing is accomplished.
Prairie Stream①Stripped and blasted by millennia of war, every planet eventually looks the same.
Prairie Stream①The continent of Ondu is a vast plateau crisscrossed by deep trenches and meandering rivers.
Prakhata Club Security①It's rare that the Prakhata Club closes its doors. It's also rare that Lord Gonti meets with Consul Kambal. What are the odds the two would occur on the same day?
Prakhata Pillar-Bug①Not a mote of dust escapes the dutiful cleaners that keep the exclusive Prakhata Club immaculate.
Pramikon, Sky Rampart①Its colors entrance aggressors, directing their violence.
Prayer of Binding①When a Phyrexian agent cannot be killed, they must be contained.
Precinct Captain①"In troubled times, we all need someone to watch our back."
Precise Strike①"Hit where it hurts, and always hit first."
Precision Bolt①Ral had wielded lightning all his life but had never harnessed the power of an entire guild.
Precognition①A gleam like struggling sunlight penetrated Selenia's dark thoughts.
Precognitive Perception①"To control the present we must master the future."
Predator Dragon①Dragons make for spiteful gods.
Predator's Howl①"And Muzzio says my arguments have no teeth."↵-Selvala, ranger of the Lowlands
Predator's Rapport①"Other guilds say the Gruul are savages, no better than the beasts we live with. I say we've found friends who won't stab us in the back."↵-Domri Rade
Predator's Strike①If you hear it coming, you're not its prey.
Predator, Flagship①"The scourge of Skyshroud is airborne once more."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Predatory Advantage①Those who forget their past are doomed to be eaten by it.
Predatory Focus①Instinct blood-tinted his world until he could see only one thing clearly: his prey.
Predatory Hunger①Hunger growls, never purrs.
Predatory Rampage①"It is the fate of the weak to fall."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Predatory Sliver①No matter how much the slivers change, their collective might remains.
Predatory Wurm①"The strong eat. The weak are eaten. That's the way of things."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Preeminent Captain①"If you need an example to lead others to the front lines, consider the precedent set."
Premature Burial①"This soil knows well the taste of the dead. Give it the hunger for a living meal, and it can become a deadly ally."↵-Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Presence of Gond①"Here lies Gond, hero of Safehold Taldwen. May he ever guide our quest."
Presence of the Master①Peace to all. Peace be all.↵-Great Hall floor inscription
Presence of the Wise①"Humbly I bow. Silently I wait. Deeply I listen."
Press the Advantage①"Show your enemies as much mercy as they would show you."↵-Surrak, the Hunt Caller
Pressure Point①By studying dragon anatomy, Jeskai monks have learned how to locate clusters of nerves that will incapacitate even the mightiest dragons.
Pressure Point①Everything has an off switch.
Pressure Point①Poke a drake in the right place and it becomes as docile as a pet. Poke it in the wrong place and goodbye, hand.
Pretender's Claim①The surest way to lose your holdings is to plead for them in Mercadia City's courts.
Prey Upon①"Light up the dark to find your way, and the dark may seek you out."↵-Zalin the Gutter Bard
Prey Upon①"You don't find many old werewolf hunters."↵-Paulin, trapper of Somberwald
Prey Upon①It is the nature of the strong to survive.
Prey Upon①Nature exists in balance: river and jungle, sky and sea, predator and prey.
Prey Upon①The Somberwald has become a hunting ground for the Dronepack, the group of werewolves that have succumbed to the flesh-twisting power of Emrakul.
Price of Betrayal①The moment Liliana defied Nicol Bolas, her contract was broken, and her life was forfeit. But she was free to choose her fate, and she decided it was worth the price.
Price of Glory①"True strength lies in action. Let the weak react to me."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Price of Loyalty①"Most folks got mayhem in their hearts. Just gotta know their price."
Price of Progress①Enthusiasm can be tempered in the furnace of the earth.
Price of Progress①Man versus nature is not a fair fight.
Prickleboar①"Canyons in the Phoberos badlands are essentially gates to the Underworld."↵-Mirinthes, Akroan captain
Prickly Boggart①"Even without the spines, who would dare to touch it?"↵-Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Prickly Marmoset①"It's either terrified or extremely mad at us, definitely one of the two."↵-Jonald, mission naturalist
Pride Guardian①"Any hotheaded cub can raise a sword in anger."
Pride of Lions①There's only one thing worse than a hungry lion-many hungry lions.
Pride of the Perfect①Like moonglove's flowers, the greatest beauty often masks the greatest dangers.
Priest of Ancient Lore①"We are a product of our ancestors, the apotheosis of countless noble generations. Speak their names with reverence, and they will guide your path."
Priest of Forgotten Gods①The Orzhov are not the only religious tradition on Ravnica, nor the oldest.
Priest of Gix①"Gix doesn't want a people to rule but puppets to entertain his madness."↵-Xantcha, Phyrexian outcast
Priest of Iroas①"Even my last breath will be a blow struck for Iroas."
Priest of Titania①Titania rewards all those who honor the forest by making them a living part of it.
Priest of Titania①Titania rewards all who honor the forest by making them a living part of it.
Priest of Urabrask①Even in New Phyrexia, red mana sparks glimmers of individualism, passion, and freedom.
Priest of the Blessed Graf①The honored dead who lie in blessed grafs are not easily stirred, but the threat of eternal night called many from their rest.
Priest of the Blood Rite①Some will sacrifice everything for but a taste of power.
Priests of Norn①"May our blessings sever the tongues of the forsaken."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Primal Bellow①"A might spell can be handy against baloths, giants, kraken, the Roil-or if you lose your bearings in the woods."↵-Chadir the Navigator
Primal Druid①"The power of the woods is only ever borrowed."
Primal Empathy①"From this day forward, we confront this world together, lifting each other up."
Primal Forcemage①Their calls unheeded by the withered forests, nature shamans channeled the life force of their brethren.
Primal Frenzy①"Don't dismiss its anger as mindless fury. I assure you, it has purpose."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Primal Huntbeast①"To the unskilled, it appears as blurred patches of distorted light. Few have seen its true form."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Primal Might①The shaman looked at the world through Ghalta's eyes and understood that everything else was his prey.
Primal Order①"It's strange, but I can feel it when the land is corrupted. I understand why the Autumn Willow is so protective."↵-Daria
Primal Order①"My sorrow: to dream of simple times, and wake in mine . . . ."↵-Ola DaRiol, "Regrets"
Primal Plasma①Tocasia brushed the gears and cogs from the table. There, before two wide-eyed brothers, she began a lesson on raw elemental magic.
Primal Rage①"Charge!" A great cry went out, and countless elves and Vec soldiers charged up the mountain. Their fury and passion hid the fact that they were horribly outnumbered.
Primal Rage①Ferocity and cunning accounted for half the victory. Gravity accounted for the rest.
Primal Surge①With Avacyn's return, the flow of life became a tidal wave.
Primal Visitation①Gruul shamans believe all sentient beings have the soul of savagery inside them, an animal form clawing to escape.
Primalcrux①When nature is backed into a corner, just like its children, it lashes out.
Primaris Chaplain①Every kill is a sacrament of the Emperor's glory.
Primeval Force①It has germinated in the earth for thousands of years. Finally it wakes to the battle's call.
Primeval Light①"Look to the old tomes, those bound in hides and written in yarberry ink. They hold the spells that can free us of the clutter of modern magecraft."↵-Dravash, dowsing shaman
Primeval Protector①The earth shook in support of their cause, offering a champion of its own.
Primeval Shambler①His mind, like his body, is made up of the swamp's flotsam.
Primeval Titan①His silent stare was punctured only by his deafening roar.
Primeval Titan①When nature calls, *run*.
Primevals' Glorious Rebirth①Centuries ago, five dragons conquered death to rule the living.
Primitive Etchings①Ancient carvings in the trees of Krosa glow with power once again.
Primoc Escapee①Though a completely artificial species, primocs are a natural fit for the skies of Otaria.
Primordial Ooze①The thick, moving mass from the beginning of evolution swallows and digests the animate and inanimate as it unthinkingly strives to continue its existence.
Primordial Sage①For each creature that arrives in its audience, the sage imparts another piece of ancient wisdom for all to hear.
Primordial Wurm①"You can hear its tail thrashing from a mile away. Keep in mind that its jaws may already be half a mile closer."↵-Jenson Carthalion, Yavimaya exile
Primordial Wurm①Elite training, single-minded devotion, and lazotep coating help only so much for invaders who are fundamentally bite-sized.
Prince of Thralls①"There are none alive that I cannot crush. There are none dead that I do not command."
Princess Twilight Sparkle①"Friendship isn't always easy, but there's no doubt it's worth fighting for!"
Priority Boarding①The Astrotorium's express lane is practically its own ride.
Prism Ring①Wear it on your dominant hand and it will follow your lead.
Prismari Apprentice①"No one ever created great art by playing it safe!"
Prismari Campus①Mage-students who see spellcraft as the highest form of expression choose Prismari, the college of elemental arts.
Prismari Pledgemage①Many have the talent to create, but few have the courage to share their creations.
Prismatic Boon①"How ironic that the greatest forge of civilization is battle."↵-Mangara
Prismatic Ending①Right before his demise, he experienced a shattering revelation.
Prismatic Lens①A capable mage can tune its focus, refracting mana through each disk in turn to cast any spell they desire.
Prismatic Lens①It bends not light but mana, aligning its chaotic currents into the sharp angles necessary for the mystic's purposes.
Prismatic Omen①In times of portent, the land sculpts itself in accordance with the sigils burned on the sky.
Prismatic Vista①There is beauty in the uncertainty of potential.
Prismatic Wardrobe①"Spring in Dominaria means pastels!"↵-Excerpt from *Mage's Home Journal*
Prismatic Ward①"These, of all spells, must have common components I can isolate and use."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Prismite①Even its shadow is a dazzling rainbow.
Prismite①It didn't budge when the portal opened, nor when the ancient gods emerged. It came to life only when all ten guilds came together to face a common threat.
Prismwake Merrow①"Seeing is believing" is a fact the merrows ruthlessly exploit in their dealings with the other residents of Shadowmoor.
Prison Realm①After millennia to craft victory, Bolas had eternity to contemplate defeat.
Prison Term①Clear out the cell. Bring in the next prisoner.
Pristine Skywise①The elite of Ojutai's brood, the skywise see their enemies as puzzles to be solved.
Pristine Talisman①"Tools and artisans can be destroyed, but the act of creation is inviolate."↵-Elspeth Tirel
Privileged Position①"We in the Conclave have a saying: 'When you hold a shield, lend your shield.' The strong must never forget what they owe to the weak."↵- Niszka, Selesnya evangel
Privileged Position①There's no better defense than simply being out of reach.
Prize Wall①"That bear's been there since the Astrotorium opened. I've seen it move."↵-Ernst, deep fry cook
Prized Amalgam①"Ludevic's laboratory is a veritable wonderland. I have never felt so inspired."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Prized Griffin①"I wrote these tales with a quill made from a griffin's feather. And the winning of that feather is quite a tale itself."↵-Chulane, Teller of Tales
Prized Statue①To the cultists, the sacred idol was priceless. To the adventurers, it was worth about two sturdy mules and a barrel of ale.
Prized Unicorn①"Friend and foe alike are irresistibly drawn to its beauty-the good, to their lasting reward, and the evil, to their brief and painful regret."↵-Vivien Reid
Prized Unicorn①"The desire for its magic horn inspires such bloodthirsty greed that all who see the unicorn will kill to possess it."↵-Dionus, elvish archdruid
Prizefighter Construct①The Scrappers, an underground group with a passion for automaton brawls, had renegade leanings even before the Consulate's crackdown. It didn't take long for them to lend their best brawlers to the conflict.
Prizefight①Underweight, underpaid, underestimated.
Processor Assault①Ulamog's processors trail behind him, converting ruined matter into furious energy.
Prodigal Pyromancer①"Learn to burn!"↵-Institute of Arcane Studies motto
Prodigal Pyromancer①"What am I looking at? Ashes, dead man."
Prodigal Sorcerer①"You can't learn to enjoy life's amusements in the pages of books. You must seek them out in earnest."
Prodigal Sorcerer①He wastes his amazing talents on proving how amazing he really is.
Prodigal Sorcerer①Occasionally a member of the Institute of Arcane Study acquires a taste for worldly pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Prodigal Sorcerer①Occasionally members of the Institute of Arcane Study acquire a taste for worldly pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Prodigal Sorcerer①Occasionally, members of the Institute of Arcane Study acquire a taste for worldly pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Prodigious Growth①"Look how cute it is now!"↵-Vivien Reid
Profane Memento①"An angel's skull is left too plain by death. I made a few aesthetic modifications."↵-Dommique, blood artist
Profane Prayers①"We have ways to make you talk, but you have nothing interesting to say."
Profane Procession①Vona sought a conqueror. Mavren sought a savior. Both found what they sought . . .
Profane Transfusion①"Those that fall short of perfection can still contribute to the Great Work."↵-Keskit, the Flesh Sculptor
Profane Tutor①As Dakkon forged the Blackblade for Geyadrone Dihada, he unwittingly forged himself into her schemes.
Professor of Symbology①"A language isn't dead until we stop learning from it."
Professor of Zoomancy①She's brilliant, if a bit overbearing.
Professor's Warning①Professor Onyx urged the twins to prepare for the dark mage Extus, sounding very much like someone familiar with the rise of tyrants.
Proficient Pyrodancer①When she performed, she was on fire, but in a good way.
Progenitus①The Soul of the World has returned.
Promise of Bunrei①"I am not afraid to die today nor afraid of what death will bring."
Promise of Loyalty①"It's us against the world. Forever."
Promise of Tomorrow①Death can wait.
Promising Duskmage①"Your technique is sloppy, but there is talent there. Do it again, and keep your right arm in position this time."
Propaganda①"Obedience is the true path to happiness."↵-Dolorus, magister equitum
Propaganda①"The cost of your opposition will be extracted from your wits."↵-Nekusar, the Mindrazer
Propaganda①"Why rebel? The system can be changed from within."↵-Dolorus, magister equitum
Propaganda①"You've failed Gerrard. You've failed the Legacy. You've failed yourself. I can do no more."↵-Volrath, to Karn
Propeller Pioneer①"The sky isn't the limit. It's the starting point."
Proper Burial①Properly honored dead gain the peace of the grave and freedom from the call of the Ghost Quarter.
Prophet of Distortion①It doesn't twist words. It twists worlds.
Prophet of Kruphix①"Time is fluid as a dance, and truth as fleeting."
Prophet of the Peak①It frequently predicts imminent death by devouring.
Prophetic Flamespeaker①Fire to destroy. Fire to create.
Prophetic Prism①"The explorer who found it got a bad deal when he sold it. He merely got rich."
Prophetic Prism①To understand Baldur's Gate, one must first understand how wealth and commerce shape every facet of life.
Prophetic Prism①To understand Kaladesh, one must first understand how aether and invention flow together through the great Aether Cycle.
Prophetic Prism①To understand Ravnica, one must first understand how each guild contributes to its stability.
Prophetic Ravings①"Keep your herons and shrews! You will find nothing in the moon, for the moon is a lie! It has told me so!"
Prosperity①"Life can never be *too* good."
Prosperity①"True riches are found in the mazes of the mind."↵-Tamiyo, the Moon Sage
Prosperity①"Wealth is a good thing, compared to poverty-your food is better, your robes are softer, and your companions have bathed more recently."↵-Kipkemboi, Kukemssa pirate
Prosperity①"Wealth is a good thing, compared to poverty-your food is better, your robes are softer, and your companions have bathed more recently."↵-Kukemssa pirate
Prosperous Partnership①Partners in love, partners in life, and partners in crime.
Prosperous Pirates①The floating city of High and Dry hasn't yet sunk under the weight of gold, but it's not for want of trying.
Protean Hulk①"Meat *and* eggs. We eat!"↵-Borborygmos
Protean Raider①Imitation is the sincerest form of piracy.
Protean Thaumaturge①"Once you see past the veil we call 'reality,' altering your own shape is elementary."
Protection of the Hekma①Part of the acolytes' training is to walk along the Hekma, staring out at the ravenous horrors kept at bay by the God-Pharaoh's barrier.
Protective Bubble①Skilled merrow rudders ensure their charges arrive on time and without incident.
Protector of the Crown①"I gladly offer my weapon and my life to the glory of my sovereign."
Protomatter Powder①"There is no such thing as scrap metal. All such material can be repaired with the proper bonding agent."↵-Quennus, metallurgeon
Proud Mentor①"Get ready, son."
Proud Wildbonder①"You're little now, yes, but one day your footsteps will make mountains tremble."↵-Gustin, wildbonder
Proven Combatant①"It's not wise to keep glory waiting."
Providence①There is power in prayer, regardless of who is listening.
Provoke the Trolls①"I like burning and pillaging as much as anyone, but sometimes it's just easier to throw a rock and let the trolls do the work."↵-Urik, Tuskeri raid leader
Provoke①"Never start a fight you can't finish."↵-Padril, council guardian
Provoke①Mirri did not have time to think, only to react.
Prowess of the Fair①An elvish duel is a thing of beauty: the warriors' grace, the crash of steel, then the artful spray of blood.
Prowler's Helm①"The youths prattle on about heroic deeds, but avoiding the noose is a feat more daring than their entire careers."↵-Basarios the Blade
Prowling Caracal①A hunter in the city requires the utmost cunning to survive. It must pounce only if the kill is certain, and leave the remains where no one will see.
Prowling Felidar①On occasion, felidars leave meaty "gifts" outside the tents of explorers they consider worthy.
Prowling Nightstalker①Silent as a serpent, twisted as a lone bog tree, evil as Tojira's heart.
Prowling Pangolin①"Wait, are *we* the decoys?"
Prowling Pangolin①It's always hungry, yet easily sated.
Prowling Serpopard①The viziers serving Rhonas, the god of strength, maintain the menagerie of animals employed during his trial.
Prying Eyes①"Citizen! Your crime has been recorded. Cease movement and await arrest, or further penalties will be immediately imposed."
Prying Questions①What remained of the Lunarch Inquisition found new ways to extract confessions.
Pseudodragon Familiar①Pseudodragons are favored companions of wizards, prized for their cunning and curiosity.
Psionic Entity①Creatures of the Æther are notorious for neglecting their own well-being.
Psionic Gift①For sale: Complete wizard's library. Rare scrolls, grimoires, and works of ancient spellcrafting! Slightly abridged.
Psionic Sliver①They evolved the ability to concentrate their neural activity into a single pulse, causing a disruptive but usually suicidal blast of psionic energy.
Psionic Snoop①She knows your next move before you do.
Psychic Barrier①"I tolerate Phyrexians because the dragon requires it. But I have no patience for uninvited guests."↵-Tezzeret
Psychic Corrosion①"To break another's mind is to deliver a fate worse than death. It is a terrifying power."↵-Jace Beleren
Psychic Drain①"Gold can be reearned, goods restored. The moroii steal youth, more precious than either, and once gone, it's gone forever."↵-Berta Suszat, civic healer
Psychic Membrane①The vedalken always put their best thought forward.
Psychic Miasma①"A mind may be steeled against madness, but all battlements fall in time."↵-Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Psychic Possession①"You will do the thinking for the both of us!"
Psychic Rebuttal①"I know what you're thinking," Jace whispered in the mage's mind. "It's not going to work."
Psychic Spear①"The wizards of Takenuma Swamp faced the horrors of humanity every day. It's no wonder they fared so well against the kami."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Psychic Spiral①An elocutor forces criminals to confess to the laws they merely intended to break.
Psychic Strike①Until more information could be gleaned about Niv-Mizzet's intentions, Lazav took every opportunity to stall his experiments.
Psychic Symbiont①"I turn around and see nothing, yet I know it is behind me. Its fingers rummage in my mind, crafting new ideas."
Psychic Trance①The Riptide Project was perhaps the only school devoted to preventing the spread of knowledge.
Psychic Transfer①"The memory of your existence will fade like the final stars of morning."↵-Kaervek
Psychic Vortex①"Tolaria floats upon a wheel of fortune."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Psychogenic Probe①The same devices sold as surgeons' tools in Lumengrid are sold as implements of torture in Mephidross.
Psychosis Crawler①"If that brain can't figure out the secret of the serum, then add more brains."↵-Rhmir, Hand of the Augur
Psychotic Fury①"Rage, my servants. Our ancient power is renewed in blood."↵-Rakdos
Pterodon Knight①"To rise like the sun-there is no greater feeling."
Pteron Ghost①Defending to the death isn't always enough.
Public Enemy①Every Halo smuggler walks a razor's edge between untold riches and sudden disaster.
Public Execution①Though the executioner did not speak, the villagers got the message.
Puffer Extract①The puffer's flesh is the deadliest in the sea-and therefore the most useful.
Pull Under①"Although nowhere on Kamigawa was safe during the war, the Takenuma Swamp was the most horrifying. The rotting bamboo itself rebelled against its mortal inhabitants, pulling them into unmarked graves."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Pull from Eternity①It is best to conquer dragons before they hatch.↵-Femeref adage
Pull from Tomorrow①"I do things in my own time."↵-Etha, initiate of Rhet crop
Pull from the Deep①Ideas, not stones, form the true foundation of Meletis.
Pulmonic Sliver①Like a great bellows it hisses, and its kin, both living and dead, are lifted to safety.
Pulse Tracker①"You can't think your way out of this, Jace. Thought implies life, and life requires a pulse-music to a hunter's ears."↵-Vraska
Pulse Tracker①Pulse trackers terrorize adventurers, driving them through the jungle toward certain death at the gates of Malakir.
Pulse of Llanowar①"Gaea's memory is eternal, and she exists in all things."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Pulse of Murasa①"Little flower twirl and bloom, arise from this your rocky tomb. Little warrior slash and brawl, be born again to free us all."
Pulse of the Dross①Before tyrants or torturers, there was evil.
Pulse of the Fields①Before religion or civilization, there was order.
Pulse of the Forge①Before wars or weapons, there was anger.
Pulse of the Grid①Before labs or lectures, there was insight.
Pulse of the Tangle①Before predators or prey, there was life.
Pulsemage Advocate①"Our unity revives our hopes."
Punctuate①"Ooh-right in the colon."
Puncture Blast①Gnarltrunk didn't remember having quite that many knotholes.
Puncture Bolt①Cinder pyromancers measure their success by counting their enemies' smoking holes.
Puncturing Blow①"Neither the false God-Pharaoh nor his bugs will decide our fate."↵-Samut, former Tah-crop initiate
Puncturing Light①"If you refuse to see the light, then you will feel it."
Puncturing Light①"The vampires knew what was coming. I know it. And they did nothing. They deserve to feel the same agony they've caused all of us."↵-Anitan, Ondu cleric
Punish Ignorance①"Amateurish. Nearsighted. A waste of my time and everyone else's."↵-Indra, nullmage of Vectis
Punish the Enemy①"When justice descends, the servant will burn with the master."↵-Aurelia
Puppet Conjurer①He scowls at his imperfect creation, then crushes it to scrap. He salvages the etherium and begins anew.
Puppet Strings①"Have no illusions," Volrath warned Greven, "about free will."
Puppet's Verdict①"What was heads again?"↵-Mercadian magistrate
Puppeteer①"Getting people to do what you want is merely a matter of telling them what they want to hear."
Puppeteer①"That's the funny thing about free will. You don't feel any different without it."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Puresight Merrow①Stripped of his sight, he was free to see only the ideal.
Purge the Profane①The Orzhov hear the plans of the other guilds through the guilty thoughts of the disloyal.
Purge①For the first and last time, the horrific creature experienced terror.
Purify the Grave①Some priests speak in whispers of the Helvault, a silver prison of unpurged evils.
Purify①"Our Mother! The sky was Her hair; the sun, Her face. She danced on the grass and in the hills."↵-*Song of All*, canto 23
Purify①"We have no need for these trinkets. We need only the strength of our swords and the virtue of our hearts."↵-The Northern Paladin
Purphoros's Intervention①"I bring a fire to recast all the world."
Purple Worm①Underground civilizations maintain magical barriers around their settlements to deter these monsters.
Purple-Crystal Crab①A precious shell without, a delicious taste within.
Pursue Glory①"Combat is a form of worship, the clash of steel a solemn prayer."↵-Pytamun, initiate of Nef crop
Pursuit of Flight①"Watch the voltage. We don't need another charred, crashing viashino."↵-Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Put Away①Kithkin spellbottlers spend half their time preserving old memories and the other half punishing the new.
Putrefaction①"Do you want to be alive or whole?"↵-Ta-Karnst, Cho-Arrim healer
Putrefy①"All matter, animate or not, rots when exposed to time. We merely speed up the process."↵-Ezoc, Golgari rot farmer
Putrefy①"From monarch to mulch as quick as could be."↵-*The Dethroner's Grimoire*
Putrefy①"We are all decaying, always in a state of near-death. One moment without breath and we begin to break down."↵-Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Putrid Goblin①Too stupid to survive, too dumb to die.
Putrid Leech①"The Golgari would say that life comes from death and death comes from life. But sometimes, death comes from the dead."↵-Vraska
Putrid Leech①It reacted to Naya's overabundant food supply by growing additional mouths.
Putrid Raptor①It eagerly gobbles up bits of its own rotting flesh as they fall to the swampy ground.
Putrid Warrior①"I do not like it," said Grizzlegom, "but I will take every soldier I can get."
Pygmy Allosaurus①"I don't understand the appeal of keeping these things as pets, unless you want your children eaten."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Pygmy Giant①"487. You're welcome."↵-Bucky, flavor text writer
Pygmy Kavu①"We could learn a lot by watching the little ones," said Agnate. "Define 'little,'" replied Grizzlegom.
Pygmy Pyrosaur①Do not judge a lizard by its size.↵-Ghitu proverb
Pygmy Razorback①As a rite of passage, Kipamu youths taunt razorbacks with long sticks . . . then flee.
Pygmy Troll①"Who you callin' 'shorty'?"
Pyknite①"Never cross a Pyknite, if you value your scalp."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Pyramid of the Pantheon①Five gods, one purpose.
Pyre Charger①His blade was forged over coals of moaning treefolk, curved at the optimum angle for severing heads, and heated to volcanic temperatures by his touch.
Pyre Hound①Its growl is the crackling and popping of a wildfire untamed.
Pyre Spawn①Memories of the Harvesttide tragedy festered until they grew into an incarnate rage that set the world ablaze.
Pyre-Sledge Arsonist①Everything from damaged furniture to inconvenient corpses becomes fuel for Ziatora's ever-burning foundry.
Pyretic Ritual①"Sometimes, students, rite makes might."↵-Mother Luti
Pyretic Ritual①The Multiverse is filled with limitless power just waiting for someone to reach out and seize it.
Pyric Salamander①When you've been chased by a dragon, you run from every lizard.↵-Suq'Ata saying
Pyrite Spellbomb①"Melt that which was never frozen."↵-Spellbomb inscription
Pyrite Spellbomb①You're gonna love this next one.
Pyroblast①"Just the thing for those pesky water mages."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Pyroblast①"Just the thing for those pesky water mages."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Pyroblast①"Told you it would melt."
Pyroblast①Water can be crushing, but it is predictable. Fire is always dynamic, its rage absolute and all-consuming.
Pyroceratops①"I always thought wizards were supposed to have owls or one-eyed cats for familiars, but flaming dinosaurs work, too."
Pyroclasm①"Leaves more room for the big ones to fight in, you know."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Pyroclasm①"Leaves more room for the big ones to fight in, you know."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Pyroclasm①"When the air burns, only death breathes deep."↵-Bogardan mage
Pyroclasm①"Who'd want to ignite things one at a time?"↵-Chandra Nalaar
Pyroclasm①Chaos does not choose its enemies.
Pyroclastic Elemental①"Whoever thought of making mobile volcanoes was a genius."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Pyroclastic Hellion①"The difference between a hellion and a volcano is that volcanoes don't get hungry."↵-Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Pyroconvergence①"The Izzet are an equation that turns lunacy into explosions."↵-Leonos, Azorius arbiter
Pyrokinesis①"Anybody want some . . . *toast*?"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Pyrokinesis①"Anybody want some . . . *toast*?"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Pyrokinesis①"Anybody want some . . . toast?"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Pyromancer's Assault①Never ask a pyromancer if that's the best she's got.
Pyromancer's Gauntlet①An inferno is just a gesture away.
Pyromancer's Goggles①"I hope to meet Jaya Ballard someday. I think we'd get along."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Pyromancer's Goggles①The strongest mentorships kindle the passions of both student and teacher.
Pyromancy①Who harnesses fire controls the world.↵-Ghitu proverb
Pyromantic Pilgrim①"From the volcanoes of Shiv to the Balduvian steppes, I have sought a worthy teacher. At last, I have found one."
Pyrophobia①"I hate this! I hate fire! I hate you for taking me on this route!"↵-Norin the Wary
Pyrotechnics①"Hi! ni! ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me! / Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return."↵-Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics①"Hi! ni! ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me! Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return."↵-Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics①"Hi! ni! ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me!/ Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return." -Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics①"Hi!ni!ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me! / Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return."↵-Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics①"Take inspiration from your enemies, and make their strengths your own."↵-Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
Pyrotechnics①"Who says lightning never strikes twice?"↵-Storm shaman
Pyrrhic Revival①They found themselves alive again, still bearing their mortal wounds.
Python①"How can you claim the gods are merciless when they robbed the snake of its limbs to give the other creatures a sporting chance?"↵-Hakim, Loreweaver
Python①What could it have swallowed to grow so large?
Qal Sisma Behemoth①"It hunts grand game for Atarka, and when the time comes, it will become a mighty feast."↵-Surrak, the Hunt Caller
Qarsi High Priest①"Hear me, nameless, and obey."
Qarsi Sadist①Dying for the greater good still hurts.
Qasali Ambusher①The surprise of a battle cry can be as deadly as a blade.
Qasali Pridemage①An elder in one pride, of the Sigiled caste in another.
Qasali Slingers①All things will crumble, whether by time or by force.
Qasali Slingers①No matter how hard they tried, they could never catch that red dot in the sky.
Qilin's Blessing①"Interesting . . . This mortal being seems to have been blessed with Qilin's essence."↵-Mu Yanling's journal
Quag Sickness①The dread gases didn't kill Farbid. But as he lay in the muck, miserable and helpless, watching ghouls and rats advance on him, he wished they had.
Quagmire Druid①As the druids had devoted their lives to preserving Dominaria, so did they devote their deaths.
Quandrix Apprentice①"The secrets of our world will be mine."
Quandrix Campus①Mage-students who see beauty in patterns and equations choose Quandrix, the college of numeromancy.
Quandrix Cultivator①In the gardens spread across the Quandrix campus, fern turns to forest before class is even over.
Quandrix Pledgemage①"The first step toward transcending physical limitations is discarding assumptions about what is possible."
Quarry Beetle①"The ruin of the past is the topsoil of the future."↵-Sokar, former Nef-crop initiate
Quarry Hauler①They labor beside the anointed, constructing the vast monuments of Naktamun.
Quarum Trench Gnomes①"O Great Captain, all is lost. They tunneled, they burrowed, they trenched. They sapped the strength of our defenses."↵-Sorgus, *Chronicles of the Quarum Plains*
Quasiduplicate①"My greatest creation-me!"
Queen's Bay Soldier①The soldiers of the Legion of Dusk have come to the colonies at Queen's Bay in search of glory and riches. They are veterans of centuries of warfare, and they thirst for conquest.
Queen's Commission①"Let the blood of the impure flow through you. Only the blessings of the golden city will purge its acrid taste from your mouth."↵-High Marshal Arguel
Quenchable Fire①You'd better know how to pray for rain.
Quench①"When properly invoked, the plasma globule encloses the offensive spell with a satisfying slurp."
Quest for the Goblin Lord①A shrine to unchecked desire.
Question Elemental?①"What the . . . ?"
Questionable Cuisine①May contain soy. May contain a deep void, chillingly hoarse and howling without voice. May contain gluten.
Queza, Augur of Agonies①Some try to unravel the tangled skeins of fate. She reweaves them to her own deadly design.
Quick Fixer①Myra doesn't believe in stopping rides for minor inconveniences like "they need to be repaired."
Quick Sliver①The directors of the Riptide Project wanted instant results on the sliver experiments. They got their wish.
Quickchange①Most Ravnicans lead lives of desperate survival. Those who thrive are malleable enough to change with the ever-shifting politics of the guilds.
Quicken①A skilled Izzet Chronarch can carry out an epic vendetta between the fall of one hourglass grain and the next.
Quicken①A skilled Izzet chronarch can carry out an epic vendetta between the fall of one hourglass grain and the next.
Quicksand①Not all deaths are etched with mythic meaning and iconic glory.
Quicksilver Amulet①"Wonderful! You got a lion on your first try. Now put it back."
Quicksilver Amulet①Those who examine the amulet too closely have been known to become part of its ornate carvings.
Quicksilver Dagger①The dwarves call their quicksilver techniques "improvisational weaponsmithing."
Quicksilver Gargantuan①"You know you have achieved true power if the sea itself seeks to emulate your greatness."↵-Vy Covalt, Neurok agent
Quicksilver Geyser①"Phyrexians are tenacious. That's not the same thing as clever."↵-Tezzeret
Quicksilver Wall①"Ogg hit wall. Ogg no kill wall. Ogg hate wall!"
Quicksmith Genius①Quicksmiths are eager to jump from one project to the next, relying on flashes of inspiration rather than careful research.
Quicksmith Rebel①"Let's add just a bit more stopping power."
Quicksmith Spy①"Let's just broaden its surveillance lens."
Quiet Disrepair①"Artifice has always stood upon nature's shoulders. Let us watch nature take a turn."↵-Freyalise
Quiet Purity①"When the Kami of Utter Silence passes, walls lose their secrets. Scrolls lose their lessons. Tapestries lose their beauty. Where there was meaning, there is only stillness."↵-Sensei Hisoka
Quiet Speculation①"The best foresight is hindsight."↵-Empress Llawan
Quill-Slinger Boggart①"A good day in Goldmeadow is one in which I don't spend all evening picking quills out of my backside."↵-Calydd, kithkin farmer
Quilled Slagwurm①Vorinclex removed its teeth so it wouldn't waste time chewing before moving to the next kill.
Quilled Sliver①"They have long kept us under attack, but we do not lack for ammunition. The very bodies of our foes arm us against them."↵-Adom Capashen, Benalish hero
Quilled Wolf①"I know a ranger that thought to make a cloak of its hide. He ended up losing an eye for his trouble."↵-Raf Gyel of the Quiver of Kessig
Quillspike①While it's true that a quillspike does heal the sick, it's just because it finds them tastier that way.
Quintorius, Field Historian①"Every life has a story to tell. I won't let them be forgotten."
Quirion Druid①"The land has been gracious enough to let you tread upon her for years. That privilege is about to end."↵-Liefellen, Quirion exarch
Quirion Dryad①"Never underestimate the ability of natural forces to adapt to unnatural influences."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Quirion Explorer①Fight with a friend at your back, steel in your hands, and magic in your veins.↵-Quirion creed
Quirion Ranger①"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately."↵-Henry David Thoreau, *Walden*
Quirion Ranger①"Respect the earth, for it will one day be your shield and another day your blanket."↵-Liefellen, Quirion exarch
Quirion Sentinel①All elvenkind stood against Phyrexia. The Quirion nation deployed its most spiritual adepts, who wielded the power of their native soil.
Quirion Trailblazer①"All that matters is the path ahead."
Qumulox①Even the clouds bend themselves to Memnarch's will, eager to swallow those who oppose him.
R&D's Secret Lair①"Let them complain. As long as the addictive ink is working, we can do anything we want." PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK
Rabid Bite①"You should have seen the look on *both* their faces."↵-Morkamp, Lambholt innkeeper
Rabid Bite①A healthy felidar is voracious yet regal. A rabid felidar is nothing more than appetite lashed to frothing jaws.
Rabid Bloodsucker①She haunts the streets, wings spread wide, with carrion on her breath and blood in her eyes.
Rabid Elephant①When in doubt, stomp.
Rabid Rats①Every sentence in Volrath's prisons ends the same way.
Rabid Wolverines①Is there any other kind?
Racecourse Fury①Close finishes are settled by who can dismount and get to weapons first.
Racers' Ring①Purchasing chrome racehorses with cash is a common means of dispersing mysterious income.
Rack and Ruin①"My people are bound by masters centuries dead. Each artifact we destroy is another link broken in that chain."↵-Barb Tail, viashino heretic
Rackling①"This may hurt a little."
Rad Rascal①"Rent a scooter and be just like Devil K. Nevil! Just don't go faster than the speed limit. Or jump over anything. Or catch on fire. Or break every bone in your body multiple times. Other than that, just like him!"
Radha, Coalition Warlord①"Enough warm-up. I'm coming for you, Sheoldred!"
Radha, Heir to Keld①"Run home, cur. I've already taken your master's head. Don't make me thrash you with it."
Radiant Epicure①Taste is not a sensation for the tongue alone.
Radiant Essence①"Her beauty was the beauty of the Sun at midday, deadly to those who underestimated her strength."↵-Azeworai, "Kenechi's Dream"
Radiant Flames①The fires of Zendikar are always hungry, and there is much on which they can feed.
Radiant Fountain①"All peoples treasure a place where the weary traveler may drink in peace."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Radiant Grove①Yavimaya's inhabitants are dedicated to protecting its unspoiled jungle from the scourge of artifice.
Radiant Kavu①When angered or frightened, it protects itself with a burst of blinding light.
Radiant Purge①The Shifting Wastes are Dromoka's domain. She will not tolerate intruders.
Radiant Restraints①"Even in times of brutal darkness, never mistake beauty and delicacy for weakness."↵-Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
Radiating Lightning①As the Cabal legions pushed into Shiv, they learned not to stand so close together.
Radical Idea①Genius is finding the edge of what's possible, then jumping over it.
Radjan Spirit①"Crawing, crawing, For my crowse crawing, I lost the best feather i' my wing For my crowse crawing."↵-Anonymous Scottish ballad
Raff, Weatherlight Stalwart①"This old ship has seen a lot, but she's not done yet."
Raffine's Informant①"I've analyzed the vault schematic. Do you want the fast way, the easy way, or the secret way in?"
Raffine's Tower①The Obscura's Cloud Spire dominates the skyline, its eye a beacon of progress that sees all.
Rafiq of the Many①Many sigils, one purpose.
Rag Dealer①"After General Takeno found the Oathkeeper amidst the bamboo marshes, more scavengers braved the swamp's nezumi, oni, and kami in hopes of glory."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Rag Man①"Aw, he's just a silly, dirty little man. What's to be afraid of?"
Rag Man①He hunts what might have been.
Ragamuffyn①They cut the stitches and give her sips of her brew. Then they sew her up again, and she's back to stirring.
Rage Extractor①New Phyrexia is an engine that both consumes and creates malice.
Rage Nimbus①The settlement knew there was something strange about the cloud when the old priest Mandli suddenly grabbed an axe and ran screaming into the hills.
Rage Reflection①Make every blow count.
Rage Reflection①Vengeance is a dish best served twice.
Rage Thrower①"Some lament these haunted times, but I'm a geistflame-tank-half-full kind of person."
Rage Weaver①"Let my passion spur your victory."
Rage-Scarred Berserker①The fury of the slaughter god Mogis burns within him.
Rageblood Shaman①"I see a spark of pure rage. Soon that spark will spread from the depths of Kragma. Soon its fire will engulf the polis."↵-Hira, street oracle
Ragefire Hellkite①"Well, the good news is that sound wasn't the volcano erupting . . ."↵-George, Coalition scout
Ragefire①"Your precious laws can't save you now!"
Ragged Recluse①"Forgive my manners. It's been so long since I had a guest for dinner."
Raging Bull①"Sometimes the bulls win, and sometimes the bears win. But the bulls have more fun."↵-Anonymous
Raging Cougar①Mountaineers quickly learn to travel with their spears always pointed up.
Raging Goblin①Charging alone takes uncommon daring or uncommon stupidity. Or both.
Raging Goblin①Charging alone takes uncommong daring or uncommon stupidity. Or both.
Raging Goblin①He raged at the world, at his family, at his life. But mostly he just raged.
Raging Goblin①Volrath has bred them to fear only him. Are they charging into battle, or merely fleeing his wrath?
Raging Gorilla①"Every temper tantrum makes another angry gorilla."↵-Femeref children's myth
Raging Kavu①It took Yavimaya a thousand years to breed them, but it took only seconds for them to prove their worth.
Raging Kavu①Yavaimayae necesse mille annis fuit ut illa aluerent, sed modo momentum necesse fuit ut illa pretium probaverent.
Raging Kronch①"Seeing so much easy prey makes her crazy. See how she snorts and drools?"↵-Dhuuz, kronch wrangler
Raging Minotaur①The only thing worse than a minotaur with an axe is an angry minotaur with an axe.
Raging Poltergeist①Some tried cremating their dead to stop the ghoulcallers. But the dead returned, furious about their fate.
Raging Redcap①Many tales of redcap terror begin with two simple things: bloodlust and stolen steel.
Raging Regisaur①Its breath is a gale. Its roar is a volcano. Its anger tears soul from flesh.
Raging Spirit①"Its burning power is more elusive than shade on the Unyaro Plains, more perilous than the horn of a rhino."↵-Akin, seasoned askari
Raging Swordtooth①Carnivorous dinosaurs developed a taste for undead flesh, tracking the vampires by the scent of blood on their breath.
Ragnar①"On the field of honor, a soldier need have no fear."
Raid Bombardment①Goblins in the first wave of a fire raid always bemoan the aim of everyone else.
Raiders' Spoils①"To conquer is to eat."↵-Edicts of Ilagra
Raiders' Wake①One was spared to tell the gruesome tale.
Raiding Nightstalker①"Our steeds need food, water, stabling. Theirs just need prey."↵-Restela, Alaborn marshal
Rain of Blades①Some say they are the weapons of heroes fallen in battle, eager for one last chance at glory.
Rain of Daggers①Knives in the sky, cries in the air, and blood on the ground.
Rain of Embers①There's plenty to talk about in the marketplaces of Ravnica, be it the latest feud between guilds or the terrible weather.
Rain of Filth①"When I say it rained, it was not small drops, but a thick, greasy drool pouring from the heavens."↵-Urza, journal
Rain of Gore①"Stay indoors, away from what seeps over the thresholds. This is the Demon's work, and only ill can come of it."↵-Belko, owner of Titan's Keg tavern
Rain of Revelation①"As the sky opened up, we ran for shelter. Halfway there I came to the sudden realization that, already soaked, there might be more to gain from experiencing the rain than running from it."
Rain of Rust①On Mirrodin, mages who call upon the power of rust are shunned by their people and often turn mercenary to survive.
Rain of Salt①Here, rain does not wash the land; it desiccates it.
Rain of Salt①It pelts the land with its fury, spoiling what was once sweet.
Rain of Tears①"These rains cannot quench; they carve the land's face like a scalpel on flesh."↵-Crovax
Rain of Tears①"When mortals die, they have family, friends, compatriots to mourn them. When the land dies, all else dies with it, and there is no one left to weep."↵-Jacinth, Skyshroud ranger
Rain of Tears①Mercadian elitism is reinforced daily by physical position: their neighbors are literally beneath them and are treated accordingly.
Rain of Tears①When emotions rain down, what rivers will be born?
Rain of Thorns①When the forests became havens for evil, the archmages devised new ways to cleanse the wilds.
Rainbow Crow①Children claim no two feathers are exactly the same color, then eagerly gather them for proof.
Rainbow Efreet①"A beauty made more so by its fleeting visitations."↵-Teferi
Rainbow Vale①In the feudal days of Icatia, finding the Rainbow Vale was often the goal of Knights' quests.
Rainbow Vale①In the feudal days of Icatia, finding the Rainbow Vale was often the goal of knights' quests.
Raise Dead①"Life from death is part of the natural cycle. This is merely a shortcut."↵-Tojira, swamp queen
Raise Dead①The earth cannot hold that which magic commands.
Raise the Alarm①"The nim raid our homes without warning. We must defend our homes without hesitation."
Raise the Alarm①Like blinking or breathing, responding to an alarm is an involuntary reflex.
Raise the Draugr①"King Narfi calls. We go to war!"
Raised by Giants①Your parents taught you that strength can be nurtured and honed, no matter one's size.
Raiyuu, Storm's Edge①"The tempest is the only ally I need."
Raka Disciple①"The strong can also be subtle."
Rakalite①Urza was the first to understand that the war would not be lost for lack of power, but for lack of troops.
Rakdos Augermage①"Great minds bleed alike."
Rakdos Cackler①Devil-blades and dripping blood make music Rakdos never tires of hearing.
Rakdos Charm①"Let all feel joy in pain."↵-Rakdos
Rakdos Cluestone①"Burn. Bleed. Enjoy."↵-Cluestone inscription
Rakdos Drake①Rakdos rioters paint their faces to resemble the drakes' bloodied muzzles.
Rakdos Firewheeler①Ever wonder why you never see an old Rakdos cultist?
Rakdos Guildgate①"My servants take pains for your pleasure, and take pleasure in your pain!"↵-Rakdos
Rakdos Guildgate①"Slip in the back if you don't want to be recognized. Don't worry-we'll make sure you're never found!"↵-Judith
Rakdos Guildgate①Enter and indulge your darkest fantasies, for you may never pass this way again.
Rakdos Guildgate①Maze-runners who pass through the Rakdos gate leave behind their scruples and a significant amount of skin.
Rakdos Headliner①Caution: Audience in front row may have throats ripped out.
Rakdos Headliner①Mood: Unrestrained violence in a festival atmosphere.
Rakdos Ickspitter①"Our thrulls dissolve from the inside out in a matter of days. Shoddy work, but they're a scream while they last."↵-Uzric, Rakdos guildmage
Rakdos Keyrune①The Rakdos use it for everything you can think of and plenty more than that.
Rakdos Locket①"This trinket will gain you admittance to some painfully exclusive gatherings."↵-Exava, blood witch
Rakdos Ragemutt①Ragemutts pull the chariots of the Butcher Clowns, a trio of wingless, zombified faeries formerly of the Izzet.
Rakdos Roustabout①"That one has a bright future-perfect instincts for the rhythm of mayhem."↵-Judith
Rakdos Shred-Freak①"If there were such a thing as a soul, I think it would be behind the gallbladder but above the kidneys."
Rakdos Signet①Made of bone and boiled in blood, a Rakdos signet is not considered finished until it has been used as a murder weapon.
Rakdos Trumpeter①"The louder their performance, the quieter we become in comparison. They are the perfect distractions, for only fools ignore the Rakdos."↵-Lazav
Rakdos's Return①When Lord Rakdos stirred from his slumber, everyone else's nightmare began.
Rakdos, the Showstopper①"Entertain me."
Rakeclaw Gargantuan①Naya teems with gargantuans, titanic monsters to whom both nature and civilization defer.
Raking Canopy①"Raven's Run has awoken, and ravens will no longer cry in its branches."↵-Roon Ghastbark
Raking Claws①"How many claws does a monster have? Exactly one more than you've accounted for."↵-Alux, Skysail defender
Rakish Heir①"If you're not having fun, what's the point of living forever?"
Rakka Mar①"The finest pawns are those with pawns of their own."↵-Nicol Bolas
Raksha Golden Cub①Some believe that Raksha, youngest of the kha, is the reincarnation of Dakan, the first and mightiest of leonin leaders.
Rakshasa Deathdealer①"Death fills me and makes me strong. You, it will reduce to nothing."
Rakshasa Gravecaller①Debts to rakshasa linger beyond death.
Rakshasa Vizier①Rakshasa offer deals that sound advantageous to those who forget who they are dealing with.
Rakshasa's Disdain①"Every failure, every death only makes my strength greater."
Rakshasa's Secret①The voice of a rakshasa is soft, its breath sweet. But every word is the murmur of madness.
Ral's Outburst①"Time to find the melting point of lazotep."↵-Ral Zarek
Rally Maneuver①"Don't give up! You are steel and fire, and victory is yours to seize."
Rally for the Throne①"If you're as loyal as you claim, now is the time to show it."↵-Queen Linden of Ardenvale
Rally of Wings①Even the clouds became a field of battle. Known as the Sky Theater, it saw the Eternals clash with squadrons of angels.
Rally the Ancestors①"The family is a tree, and in times of need, every branch can be a weapon."↵-Daghatar the Adamant
Rally the Forces①"Drive them back! Make their underworld into their grave!"↵-Koth of the Hammer
Rally the Peasants①"If you must go out at night, bring a mob."↵-Master of the Elgaud Cathars
Rally the Ranks①Halvar united the spirits of all the clans into a single, devastating force.
Rally the Righteous①Yuri took up the ragged Boros banner, and his brethren, inspired by the act, followed him back into the fight.
Rally to Battle①The guildmasters loom large in the political sphere, but in the end, the rulers of Ravnica are its people.
Rallying Roar①"The sun's strength sings in our hearts! I have never been more proud of my home and my people."↵-Huatli
Rally①"Stand your ground, troops! This shall be our finest hour!"↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox, last words
Ram Through①"Need a medic! And some stonemasons!"↵-Wyllon, Drannith merchant
Rambunctious Mutt①Emphatic words with powerful gestures. Clearly this was playtime.
Ramirez DePietro①Ramirez DePietro is a most flamboyant pirate. Be careful not to believe his tall tales, especially when you ask his age.
Ramosian Captain①The Cho-Arrim believe in leading by example.
Ramosian Commander①"Cho-Manno guides your spirit. I guide your sword."
Ramosian Lieutenant①"Give me your hand and I will give you victory."
Ramosian Revivalist①The Ramosian tradition is alive, but its namesake has long since been forgotten.
Ramosian Sergeant①Her commands are part rallying cry, part sermon, and wholly undeniable.
Ramosian Sky Marshal①The Cho-Arrim fell from the sky onto Mercadia City like a vengeful rain.
Rampage of the Clans①"Rage! Rage until the whole world burns!"
Rampage of the Valkyries①"This is a foul place. Cleanse it."
Rampaging Baloths①"When the land is angry, so are they."↵-Nissa Revane
Rampaging Brontodon①Not even the tallest tree stands a chance against the underside of a dinosaur's foot.
Rampaging Cyclops①Keldon warriors take advantage of the cyclops's inability to focus on more than one thing at a time.
Rampaging Ferocidon①All raptors are aggressive, but ferocidons seem to enjoy their prey's pain.
Rampaging Hippo①"Respect is earned through deeds-or the capacity to bite someone in half."↵-Sana, former Ahn-crop initiate
Rampaging Monument①"Be advised: suspect is nine stories tall, marble hair, answers to Saint Gusztav."
Rampaging Rendhorn①Tumult is its natural habitat.
Rampaging Werewolf①"Just look at him, groveling on all fours! What a pathetic-uh-oh."
Rampant Elephant①No matter how righteous the cause, it helps to bring along some muscle.
Rampant Growth①"I've never *heard* growth before."↵-Gowon, Femeref herder
Rampant Growth①Lord Windgrace dedicated his life to restoring Urborg to its former glory.
Rampant Growth①Nature grows solutions to her problems.
Rampant Growth①Nature grows solutions to its problems.
Rampant Growth①Rath forces plants from its surface as one presses whey from cheese.
Rampant Growth①Upon impact with a planet's surface, a tyranocyte's bloated belly bursts open, disgorging a horde of Tyranid invaders.
Rampart Crawler①"Not even the magistrate in his lofty tower is out of our reach."↵-Cateran overlord
Rampart Smasher①"He has strength and courage-just way, way too much of both."↵-Syr Faren, the Hengehammer
Ramroller①As unstoppable as it is unsteerable.
Ramses, Assassin Lord①"Why butcher an army when you can slash a single throat for the same result?"
Ramunap Excavator①"This world was once so much more than the confines of Naktamun."
Rancid Rats①"They're in the walls! Can't you hear them?"
Rancor①Hatred outlives the hateful.
Ranger en-Vec①"The path of least resistance will seldom lead you beyond your doorstep."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Ranger of Eos①At his side, humble beasts become weapons more deadly than sharpened steel.
Ranger's Guile①"You don't survive in the wild by standing in plain sight."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Ranger's Guile①In the remote corners of Kessig, protection is found in secret powers unknown to the Church of Avacyn.
Ranger's Hawk①Swift eyes to scout the way ahead.
Ranger's Longbow①With the right weapon, a fearsome beholder is nothing more than a big floating bullseye.
Ranger's Path①The forest can seem like a dense maze. Those who travel the canopy know otherwise.
Ranging Raptors①They cover their territory like a tide of teeth and claws.
Rank Officer①It recruits the fresh and tosses the rotten.
Rank and File①"Left, right, left, right . . . hmm. Okay-left, left, left, left, . . ."
Ransack the Lab①"I think someone is stealing from my laboratory. It had better not be you!"↵-Geralf, letter to Gisa
Rapacious Dragon①"Surely it won't notice if I take-"↵-Theria the Sly, last words
Rapid Decay①The grave robbers arrived the day after the burial. They were a day too late.
Rapid Hybridization①"We've merged your life essence with that of several creatures at once. You're welcome."↵-Speaker Trifon
Raptor Companion①A raptor will follow any order as long as that order is "hunt," "kill," or "go for the guts."
Raptor Companion①The abundance of foes in Orazca means the raptors no longer need any orders.
Raptor Hatchling①"Every little hatchling has a parent's claws to guard it."↵-Sun Empire saying
Rare-B-Gone①The only rare you'll ever need. Okay, not really.
Rarity①"I simply cannot let crimes against fabulosity go uncorrected."
Rashida Scalebane①It is not by the blood of dragons that Rashida measures victories, but by the sum of children who no longer wake from nightmares of scales and fire.
Rashka the Slayer①"Rarely be the prey so haughty as to hunt the hunter."↵-Baron Sengir
Rat Colony①No matter how crowded the den, everyone's welcome to squeak in for the festivities.
Rat Colony①Wreckage from the Phyrexian Invasion provided the rats with a seemingly unlimited number of breeding grounds.
Rat in the Hat①While the gremlin, beeble, and squirrel infestations wreaked havoc on the park, Roxi was able to spin the numerous rat colonies as a "robust recycling program."
Rat in the Hat①While the gremlin, beeble, and squirrel infestations wrecked havoc on the park, Roxi was able to spin the numerous rat colonies as a "robust recycling program."
Ratcatcher①An ogre's poisonous stench is like fine Kashkaval cheese to the noses lowest to the ground.
Rathi Dragon①Wrap the flame as twine Kingdoms will be thine.
Rathi Dragon①Wrap the flame as twine, Kingdoms will be thine.
Rathi Trapper①Tangling vines, fetid murk, paralyzing poisons, and crawling dead. The swamp is nature's trap waiting to be exploited by unnatural minds.
Rats of Rath①"These creatures offer new challenges in the scrutiny of entrails."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Rats' Feast①"That does it-I quit!"↵-Cabal grave robber
Raugrin Crystal①The vegetation in Raugrin is dull, but that only makes the towering crystal structures gleam brighter.
Raugrin Triome①Raugrin meets the sea with jaws wide, its coast spiked with teeth of crystal and granite.
Ravages of War①"Thorn bushes spring up wherever the army has passed. Lean years follow in the wake of a great war."↵-Lao Tzu, *Tao Te Ching* (trans. Feng and English)
Ravages of War①"Thorn bushes spring up wherever the army has passed. Lean years follow in the wake of a great war."↵-Lao Tzu, *Tao Te Ching*, trans. Feng and English
Ravages of War①"Thorn bushes spring up wherever the army has passed. Lean years follow in the wake of a great war."↵-Lao Tzu, *Tao Te Ching*,↵trans. Feng and English
Ravages of War①"Thorn bushes spring up wherever the army has passed. Lean years follow in the wake of a great war."↵-Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, trans. Feng and English
Ravaging Blaze①In time, not even the fire monks could keep up with Chandra.
Ravaging Horde①Upon his return to the capitol after taking soldiers to loot a nearby peaceful town, the prime minister, Dong Zhou, boasted of it as a victory over bandits.
Raven Guild Initiate①The Raven Guild soars on winds of unease.
Raven Wings①"There are some places even our ships cannot travel. I would know their secrets too."↵-Inga Rune-Eyes
Raven's Crime①It plucks away memories like choice bits of carrion.
Raven's Run Dragoon①"I have a gift. The ability to sense encroaching darkness has saved many lives. And yet constantly feeling the force of so much ugliness is a terrible burden."
Ravenous Baboons①Build something and the baboons will tear it down. Leave the pieces lying and they will scatter them.
Ravenous Baloth①"All we know about the Krosan Forest we have learned from those few who made it out alive."↵-Elvish refugee
Ravenous Bloodseeker①"Nothing will cool the fire in their blood. They are too far gone. We must keep them away from our towns at any cost."↵-Cosper Lowe of the Silbern Guard
Ravenous Chupacabra①"Why do these guys get such a bad rap? Is it the giant golden claws and teeth? The terrible stench? I think they're kinda cute."↵-Crocodile Jackson, legendary cowboy
Ravenous Chupacabra①Opening Orazca unleashed more horrors than just the Immortal Sun.
Ravenous Daggertooth①A daggertooth's triumphant roar makes all the sounds of jungle life fall silent.
Ravenous Demon①His twisted words entice the weak.
Ravenous Giant①The might of an army with the restraint of a child.
Ravenous Harpy①A harpy's hoard is a filthy, bloodstained pile of trinkets and corpses.
Ravenous Intruder①"I've made some fine acquisitions of late, so I'm planning to make commensurate improvements to my security systems. I have a consultant coming tomorrow."↵-Kurna Majan, Luminary League
Ravenous Leucrocota①Hunger makes a leucrocota dangerous. A full belly makes it angry and dangerous.
Ravenous Lindwurm①"I'm no coward, but I'd sooner tangle with a rampaging Torga troll than a hungry lindwurm!"↵-Yegar, Beskir warrior
Ravenous Rats①"For all the priceless tomes they have destroyed, one would think they would taste better."↵-Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Ravenous Rats①Devouring books is only the beginning. The librarian's next.
Ravenous Rats①Nothing is sacred to rats. Everything is simply another meal.
Ravenous Rats①Nothing is sacred to the rats. Everything is simply another meal.
Ravenous Rotbelly①The patrol found the graf empty save for a few well-chewed bones.
Ravenous Skirge①Hunger is a kind of madness-and here, all madness flourishes.
Ravenous Slime①Death eventually wiggles toward us all.
Ravenous Squirrel①"Nope, no monsters in the forest. Nothing in there but squirrels."↵-Joskun, An-Havva constable
Ravenous Squirrel①Action: This is a squirrel who eats everything.
Ravenous Vampire①Eternal life brings eternal hunger.
Raving Visionary①"Fear not, child. Open your eyes and witness Keranos's truth!"
Ravnica at War①The heart of Ravnica disappeared before anyone could strike a blow in its defense.
Ray of Command①"Heel."
Ray of Dissolution①The works of one god last only as long as the patience of another.
Ray of Distortion①"Now your staff is as twisted as your soul."
Ray of Enfeeblement①Erigan cried out in pain as a hideous weakness settled into his bones.
Ray of Erasure①"What is real can be unreal."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Ray of Revelation①"May angels carry him into the Blessed Sleep with dreams of sunlit days and moonless nights."↵-Tomb inscription of Saint Raban
Ray of Revelation①Webs of illusion unravel in the light of truth.
Razaketh's Rite①"The blood ritual is complete. The end approaches."
Razaketh, the Foulblooded①From Razaketh, Liliana gained sway over the living. Weak mortal souls became her playthings.
Razaketh, the Foulblooded①Liliana insisted on coming to Amonkhet to confront one of the two remaining demons to whom she is bound.
Raze the Effigy①The folk of Kessig build up their courage by burning effigies of the things they fear.
Raze①The viashino believe that the oldest mountains hate everyone equally.
Razia's Purification①Only the chosen ones are spared.
Razia, Boros Archangel①Her sword burns with such brightness that foes avert their eyes and arrows divert their paths.
Razor Barrier①"We protect our homelands. Why should they not protect us?"
Razor Boomerang①Few can catch it without losing a finger.
Razor Golem①The longer it stands among the deadly blades of the Razor Fields, the more it adopts their harsh exterior.
Razor Hippogriff①She incubates her eggs in gold and mana.
Razor Pendulum①"Amazing thing, gravity. It seems to work every time."↵-Telim'Tor
Razor Swine①"They aren't helping the forges. Send them to the surface."↵-Furnace boss, sector 12
Razorclaw Bear①One razorclaw is three bears too many.↵-Elvish saying
Razorfield Rhino①Adapted to tread on razorgrass, the rhino proved adept at treading on Phyrexians as well.
Razorfield Thresher①DANGER! Keep appendages clear of front of machine. And rear of machine. And side of machine. And top of machine.
Razorfin Abolisher①Once you have been marked by the merrow, you are not long for their waters.
Razorfin Hunter①No one knew if they'd been lurking under the sea all along, or if they'd been created by the Phyrexian overlay.
Razorfoot Griffin①"Do griffins fight to defend their homes or purely for sport?"↵-Sisay
Razorfoot Griffin①Like a meteor, it strikes from above without warning. Unlike a meteor, it then carries you off and eats you.
Razorgrass Screen①Hand-stitched, and marked by the blood of the Auriok.
Razorjaw Oni①It gnashed its teeth, and the battlefield filled with the screech of blade striking blade.
Razortide Bridge①The path to unity is forged in understanding.
Razortip Whip①"It no longer surprises me what shows up in our raid of a Rakdos revue."↵-Janik Bara, Wojek captain
Razortooth Rats①"Men and rats both hunger: we for our playthings; they, for us."↵-Crovax
Razortooth Rats①"Men and rats both hunger: we for our playthings; they, for us."↵-Crovax, ascendant evincar
Razortooth Rats①They'll chew through armor, flesh, and bone. They'll even chew through each other if they're hungry enough.
Razorverge Thicket①Where the Razor Fields beat back the Tangle, the crowded thicket yields to bright scimitars of grass.
Reach Through Mists①"Know one part of the name, obsession begins. Know two parts, paranoia sets in. Know three parts, madness descends. Know all, and only the kami know what will become of you."↵-Lady Azami
Reach of Branches①Growth has no limits.
Reach of Shadows①"Is it better to be a fool or a coward? Fools may get things done occasionally, but cowards live longer."↵-Ghelesh Shadowmane, rakshasa mage
Read the Bones①The dead know lessons the living haven't learned.
Read the Runes①"The world is a puzzle, and the mind is its key."
Read the Tides①Charts and instruments work fine, but the best navigators aren't above a spell or two to nudge the tides in a more favorable direction.
Ready to Rumble①"It's too quiet tonight. Go make trouble."↵-Ziatora
Reality Anchor①"See how *you* like it."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Reality Anchor①"See how you like it."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Reality Heist①Kaito grabbed the chip, hoping it held answers.
Reality Hemorrhage①Tarek could not tell whether he was losing his blood or his mind.
Reality Ripple①"Can you prepare for the unexpected? No, you cannot. You can prepare only to be surprised."↵-Teferi
Reality Smasher①As easy to stop as it is to comprehend.
Reality Spasm①From the moment the first Eldrazi spawn squirmed free, everything on Zendikar took on an adjusted meaning, a new slant toward or away from the waking giants.
Reality Twist①"Nothing is as it seems."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Really Epic Punch①It smarts more than the average bear.
Realm Razer①The behemoth roared, and the world was blasted free of empires and tyrants.
Realms Befitting My Majesty①"Look around you. All you behold is mine to rule. It's the natural way."
Realmwright①There is not a single inch of Ravnica that hasn't been altered at one point or another to fit someone's whims.
Reanimate①"Death is a small price to pay for immortality."↵-Baron Sengir
Reanimate①"You will learn to earn death."↵-Volrath
Reanimate①"You'd better be worth it."↵-Liliana Vess
Reap What Is Sown①The strength of the people comes from the land. And the bounty of the land comes from Karametra.
Reap the Past①The ground cracked and unleashed a thousand years of history at once.
Reap the Seagraf①The wreck hung on the jagged reef, each night disgorging more of its gruesome cargo.
Reaper King①It's harvest time.
Reaper from the Abyss①"Avacyn has deserted you. I welcome your devotion in her stead."
Reap①"Let Volrath choke on his crop of hatred."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Reassembling Skeleton①"They may show up with the wrong thigh bone or mandible, but they always show up."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Reassembling Skeleton①Though you may see the same bones, you'll never see the same skeleton twice.
Reave Soul①"I was not convinced you had a soul until I saw it for myself."↵-Liliana Vess
Reave Soul①"Into amethyst, I pour↵Envy's shadow, sorrow's gleam.↵Lure the one whose scorn I bore↵That I may hear one final scream."↵-Barrow witch incantation
Reaver Ambush①Onora knew with sudden, grim certainty he would never see the Great River again.
Reaver Drone①Kozilek's brood infiltrates and deceives. The spawn of Ulamog mindlessly consume.
Rebbec, Architect of Ascension①"She sees beyond technology to what it enables."↵-Glacian, powerstone engineer
Rebel Informer①The problem with mercenaries is that if you can buy their loyalty, others can too.
Reborn Hope①"In darkness is kindled the fiercest hope."↵-Hadran, sunseeder of Naya
Rebound①Insult, like an arrow, is beyond control once loosed.
Rebuff the Wicked①"I cannot teach you their brand of magic, but I can teach you how to defend against it."↵-Tavalus, priest of Korlis
Rebuild①The first step in any artificer's scheme is to take inventory.
Rebuke①"No one chooses to be stitched together into a skaab. If it could speak, it would beg for its own destruction."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Rebuking Ceremony①From the Radix at the hub of the Tangle all the way out to the Edges of Forgetting, a Viridian elf's life is built around the temporary.
Recalibrate①"Trial 991: Still encountering issues with accidental aetherization. Maybe if we widen the dimensional matrix to 0.7?"↵-Izzet research notes
Reciprocate①"Just as the noble soul calls virtue to itself, the evil soul summons harm."↵-Teachings of Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Reckless Abandon①The climax of a warlord's career is always death.
Reckless Air Strike①"I have a *great* idea!"
Reckless Amplimancer①"Linear growth? What am I, a first-year?"
Reckless Assault①"How will you fight an enemy that cares nothing for itself?"↵-The Blind Seer
Reckless Barbarian①The best defense is not even knowing what the word "defense" means.
Reckless Brute①His mind knows no fear, registering only the burning impulse to destroy.
Reckless Cohort①"You have a family. Mine died at Sea Gate. You go to yours, and I'll go to mine."
Reckless Crew①"Boat's burning! Row faster!"
Reckless Embermage①Many mages have been consumed by their work.
Reckless Embermage①Those who play with fire are bound to get burned.
Reckless Endeavor①Which burns more fiercely? Your ambition, or the flame?
Reckless Fireweaver①Architects find inspiration in the dragon's beauty of form, while artificers are influenced by the function of its fire.
Reckless Impulse①A stitcher looks at their creation and sees the result of years of study and hours of toil. A devil sees a new plaything.
Reckless Ogre①There is no such thing as a regiment of ogres.
Reckless One①"Release chaos with me!"
Reckless Pangolin①"A pangolin's power grows with its speed. Strike when you have the chance!"↵-Jiang Yanggu's travelogue
Reckless Racer①Illegal street races turned out to be perfect practice for avoiding Consulate patrols.
Reckless Rage①"Hard to starboard! Starb- Abandon ship! Abandon ship!"
Reckless Reveler①"The gods of Theros are born of the expectations and beliefs of mortals. If I have found godhood, what does that say about their true desires?"↵-Xenagos, god of revels
Reckless Scholar①"Any good prospector must sift the gold from the sand."
Reckless Scholar①Progress comes at a price.
Reckless Spite①"Death is such an exquisite sensation."↵-Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Reckless Spite①"My plan's elegance leads my enemies to believe it is spite that fuels me."↵-Volrath
Reckless Spite①"The end is justified in being mean. Or something like that."
Reckless Waif①"Yes, I'm alone. No, I'm not worried."
Reckless Wurm①Bred for battle in the Grand Coliseum, these wurms annihilated whole ecosystems when released into the wild.
Reckoner Shakedown①"That's a start. What else do you have for us?"↵-Takumi, Reckoner enforcer
Reckoner's Bargain①Restricted auctions are held once a year at the Dragon's Lair-the sacred, neutral meeting ground of all Reckoner gangs.
Reclaiming Vines①"This world tires of its long occupation."↵-Nissa Revane
Reclaim①The wise pay as much attention to what they throw away as to what they keep.
Reclamation Sage①"What was once formed by masons, shaped by smiths, or given life by mages, I will return to the embrace of the earth."
Reclamation①"We shall oppose Lim-Dul and his forces by any means necessary, even if the very earth be torn asunder."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Reclusive Artificer①It's wise not to disturb an artist at work.
Reclusive Taxidermist①All druids seek to preserve nature, but some go about it in rather unusual ways.
Reclusive Taxidermist①We want no proofs; we ask none to believe us! This boy will some day know what a brave and gallant woman his mother is.
Reclusive Wight①There are places so horrible that even the dead hide their faces.
Recoil①Anything sent into a plagued world is bound to come back infected.
Recollect①"The bones of the past will tell their tales-if you know how to speak their language."
Recollect①"The bones of the past will tell their tales-if you know how to speak their language."↵-Savra
Reconnaissance Mission①"The bonders work with creatures that fly, slink, and burrow. Assume they know everything."↵-Jirina Kudro
Reconnaissance Mission①"We've reached the xenos HQ. Transmitting coordinates now."
Reconnaissance①War favors the informed.
Reconstruction①Tedious research made the Sages of the College of Lat-Nam adept in repairing broken artifacts.
Recover①"No more fear of death's oblivion-is this not the greatest treasure of all?"↵-Gurezan, Legion resurrectionist
Recover①"Wisdom from the past is best gathered directly from the source."
Recover①As Barrin exhumed his daughter's body, he finally realized the full price of his faith in Urza.
Recruit the Worthy①For peace of mind, they mustered for war.
Recruiter of the Guard①Before a cause can have supporters, it has to have a voice.
Recruitment Officer①"Every name on this list is already a hero! Will you add your own to it?"
Recumbent Bliss①Kithkin somnomancers enjoy the peaceful dreams wafting from their victims.
Recuperate①"Rise once more, so you may continue to destroy our enemies."↵-Karona, false god
Recurring Nightmare①"I am confined by sleep and defined by nightmare."↵-Crovax
Red Cliffs Armada①By the battle of Red Cliffs in the year 208, the Wu kingdom controlled more than 7,000 warships on the Yangtze.
Red Cliffs Armada①By the battle of Red Cliffs in the year 208, the Wu kingdom controlled more than seven thousand warships on the Yangtze.
Red Dragon①Red dragons consider the world and every creature in it as theirs to command.
Red Elemental Blast①Nothing restrains a burning passion.
Red-Hot Hottie①She was winning the Dominarian "Are You Hot?" competition until disaster struck during the wet T-shirt round.
Redcap Melee①At first, Syr Fenwick scoffed when he saw his opponents for the final match.
Redcap Raiders①"I admire their courage as much as I despise their savagery."↵-Syr Carah, the Bold
Redeem①"Let me redeem my brothers both from death."↵-William Shakespeare, *Titus Andronicus*
Redeem①"That they are saved from death is immaterial. What is important is that they know the source of their benefaction."↵-Radiant, archangel
Redirect①"It's actually quite simple, but since you've only recently begun to walk upright, it may take some time to explain."↵-Jace Beleren, to Garruk Wildspeaker
Redirect①"Your strategy is marvelous. I've just made a few minor adjustments."↵-Veris, watcher of Indi Keep
Reduce in Stature①A dragon learns humility only in the moments before its death.
Reduce to Ashes①"Before they can go to their final rest, the wicked must be purified by fire."↵-Harra the Adjudicator
Reduce to Ashes①Previously the training center for cathars, the Elgaud Grounds are now used by the Lunarch Inquisition to punish those considered to be heretics.
Reduce to Dreams①"This world is a dream. We cling to our toys like children, but sooner or later we must learn to live without them."↵-Sensei Hisoka
Reduce to Memory①"Do not flinch from studying the horrors of the past. History's most important lessons are cloaked in terror and tragedy."↵-Augusta, Lorehold dean
Redwood Treefolk①"In the heart of Llanowar the magic is so strong that trees cannot stay rooted."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Redwood Treefolk①And would you strip the bark from a treefolk?↵-Elvish expression meaning "Are you crazy?"
Redwood Treefolk①The soldiers chopped and chopped, and still the great tree stood, frowning down at them.
Reef Pirates①"Corpses for crew don't sit well with me. Zeki and his dead ship had best keep their distance."↵-Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Reef Pirates①"Zeki sails with a dead crew not out of villainy, but pragmatism."↵-Baron Sengir
Reef Pirates①Relentless as the tides, souls dark as a moonless night. Bloodshed on their minds, and greed burning in their hearts like molten gold.
Reef Shaman①With one gesture, she can render a thousand years of navigational charts obsolete.
Reflect Damage①From you to me, so me to you.↵-Femeref children's taunt
Reflecting Pool①"The reflection of land interests me far more than its reality."↵-Volrath
Reflecting Pool①Does it reflect the future that once was or the past that can never be?
Reflecting Pool①Gale stared into the pool and saw a stranger. The similarities were uncanny, but it was not him.
Reflection of Kiki-Jiki①Blessed by Keiga, the Tide Star, Kiki-Jiki would one day master the art of duplication.
Reflections of Littjara①The masks float downstream toward the Mirrorlake, where faces arise to wear them.
Reflective Golem①"We don't cut through Sedgemoor anymore. Can't get five steps without a groff trying to fight its own reflection."
Reflex Sliver①"This sliver comes into the world a perfect predator. It's ready to hunt and devour its first meal within seconds of hatching."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Reflexes①"Be as fast as lightning, and you will be just as deadly."↵-Combat trainer
Reflexes①"Here's how ya win. Don't let the other guy hit back first."↵-Jula, goblin raider
Refocus①"Before you can open your third eye, you must prove you can open the first two."
Reforge the Soul①In a wave of spells called the Cursemute, Avacyn cleansed the world with divine fire.
Refresh①Death is a moth that dances toward our inner flame. The brightest fire can singe its wings.↵-Nantuko teaching
Refurbish①"There's no reason to buy a new one when I've got the tools to fix the one you've got."↵-Ripu, repair specialist
Refuse to Yield①Her opponent threw her through the window, so she retaliated by throwing the window through her opponent.
Regal Bloodlord①Those of esteemed birth earn a most esteemed death.
Regal Caracal①Oketra's closest viziers are known as her chosen, though others may have a better claim to that moniker.
Regal Caracal①Someone had stolen his cushion. When he found the perpetrator, he would feed them to the crocodiles.
Regal Force①It rarely moves, standing stock still in its clearing. When it does stir, ravens stop their cawing and crickets their chirping. All of nature watches in awed silence.
Regal Unicorn①Unicorns don't care if you believe in them any more than you care if they believe in you.
Regathan Firecat①It stalks the Regathan highlands, leaving behind melted snow, scorched earth, and the charred corpses of would-be temple robbers.
Regenerate①"This wound shall be like the chills of winter: swiftly forgotten when spring shoots rise."
Regeneration①"A touch of vine sap in the blood, and the flesh knits as quickly as new roots twining."↵-Freyalise
Regeneration①"Death is not a debt I am yet willing to pay."↵-Purraj of Urborg
Regeneration①"Faith in Freyalise has given me the gift, not the curse, of unprecedented longevity."↵-Laina of the Elvish Council
Regeneration①"Why should death always have the last word?"↵-Llanowar druid
Regenesis①"When you get right down to it, the difference between death and life is just a membrane-enclosed environment maintained by a metabolic process."↵-Gulistan, Simic biomancer
Regent's Authority①Before her spark pulled her away again, the Emperor appointed the wise Light-Paws to guide Kamigawa in her absence.
Regicide①"You're done!"
Regisaur Alpha①"Seeing a pack of these monsters hunt together, I'm at a loss to imagine the size of their prey."↵-Adrian Adanto of Lujio
Regna's Sanction①"Show them the light, my love."↵-Krav, the Unredeemed
Regress①"Never look too deep, where the waters turn dark. What the sea has hidden there may not stay down forever."↵-Jaby, Silundi Sea nomad
Regress①"Once cast, a spell can be undone. But once revealed, a secret can never again be kept."↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Regrowth①"Centuries of war had broken Arcavios, but a single seed began the long process of renewal."↵-*The Mystic Age: A Saga of Spells*
Regrowth①While the root remains, the tree yet lives.
Reign of Chaos①"The Burning Isles are the home to a dozen lords who claim dominion. Jamuraa will look to only one leader: me."↵-Kaervek
Reign of Terror①"I don't know what takes them; they die around me without time to scream."↵-Scout Ekemet, final journal
Reincarnation①"You cannot imagine what eyes you may look through tomorrow."↵-Aerona, elder druid
Reinforced Bulwark①Built of wood and iron. Held together by hope and prayer.
Reinforcements①"Let them send their legions! I will show them that my truth is stronger than their swords."↵-General Varchild
Reinforcements①"We aided the Balduvians once before. They need but ask and we shall do so again."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Reinterpret①"With just a little added flair, your work could be truly spectacular. Let me show you."↵-Nassari, Prismari dean
Reiterate①"Echoes of the Mirari's power yet linger."↵-Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Reito Lantern①Lanterns carved from the mystic stones of the Reito Mines were said to light the way of lost souls.
Reject①"Grux, for the last time, you have to do more than simply shout 'Apply!' at the administrators."↵-Pavil, admissions officer
Rejuvenating Springs①When they're done pummeling each other, the fighters relax companionably in the springs, warming their sore muscles.
Reki, the History of Kamigawa①"After his death, monks spent ten years transcribing the tattoos from Reki's body and gathering stories from those who spoke with him. Thus the volume you hold was written."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Reknit①"An axe may break upon a ribbon if the ribbon's will is the stronger."↵-Awylla, elvish safewright
Relearn①"Barrin taught me that the hardest lessons to grasp are the ones you've already learned."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Relearn①The hardest lessons to grasp are the ones you've already learned.
Release the Dogs①They charge into battle and out for their morning walk with the same exuberance.
Release the Gremlins①"Being an inventor means knowing how to use the tools at hand to make something great-or to bring it down."↵-Pia Nalaar
Release to Memory①"Those who have passed are beyond war, beyond suffering. Mourn them, envy them, but above all, remember them."↵-Light-Paws, Imperial advisor
Release to the Wind①"Here and gone like a fleeting breeze."
Relentless Advance①They approach in formation, every movement efficient and sure. They halt, listen, and then press on in silent unison.
Relentless Assault①"Flog and Squee / Up the tree / See the army / Flee, flee, flee."↵-Goblin nursery rhyme/war cry
Relentless Assault①"Mercy? Mercy is for the playground, not the battleground."
Relentless Assault①With only 70,000 men under his command at the battle of Guandu, Cao Cao was able to defeat Yuan Shao and his 700,000.
Relentless Hunter①"I swore to take one head for each member of my family they killed. My task is nowhere near its end."
Relentless Pursuit①Calix was patient, steadily following Elspeth until their destined confrontation.
Relentless Raptor①As the battle for Orazca unfolded, the contenders discovered that others had already staked a claim.
Relic Amulet①Old power finds new purpose.
Relic Axe①"It's light as a feather, but it hits with the force of a boulder. A very sharp boulder."
Relic Bane①A sword that has seen cowardice in battle exacts the price of honor from its wielder.
Relic Barrier①Its transmissions are the word of Memnarch. It speaks, and metal bows.
Relic Crush①There are many ruins, but there used to be many more.
Relic Putrescence①"Until we shed the curse of sentience, we must endure its grotesque handiwork."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Relic Robber①"Here, you take it!"
Relic Runner①Her knack for tampering with wards got her kicked out of the academy, but they also got her back in.
Relic Sloth①When it comes to transporting priceless, delicate artifacts, safety is more important than speed.
Relic Ward①Asmira's prayers alone should have freed Mangara from the amber prison . . .
Relic of Legends①"If the worst parts of history can repeat themselves, it stands to reason that the best parts can as well."↵-Teferi
Relic of Progenitus①Elves believe the hydra-god Progenitus sleeps beneath Naya, feeding on forgotten magics.
Relic①Such great power in so small a vessel... but do I wield it, or it wield me
Relief Captain①Sometimes gestures of support are small. Sometimes not.
Reliquary Monk①A thing of Serra's realm exists only by the grace of her followers' faith.
Reliquary Tower①"Let the others bicker over their little worlds and stars. I have an empire of knowledge, and it encompasses all others."↵-Trazyn the Infinite
Reliquary Tower①"The tower isn't the structure itself. It is all of us, and the wisdom we share. It grows ever upward, a stone for every new arrival."↵-Archmage Vintra
Reliquary Tower①Once guarded by the Knights of the Reliquary, the tower stands now protected only by its own remoteness, its dusty treasures open to plunder by anyone.
Reliquary Tower①The most holy treasures are kept far from unclean soil.
Reliquary Tower①When the aven scouts located the tower in Esper, the Knights of the Reliquary set off on a righteous crusade to recover their lost treasures.
Remand①"Well, at least all of that arm-waving and arcane babbling you did was impressive."
Remand①For the Azorius, the law can be a physical shield against chaos and anarchy.
Remand①Well, at least all of that arm-waving and arcane babbling you did was impressive.
Remedy①"These things will protect you while I'm gone, remind you of my love for you."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Remember the Fallen①When the Mirrans had fallen, Planeswalkers carried the burden of remembrance.
Reminisce①"Leave the door to the past even slightly ajar and it could be blown off its hinges."
Reminisce①Leave the door to the past even slightly ajar and it could be blown off its hinges.
Remodel①6 PM (23) This Old Grove 98055 A rusted masticore makes a beautiful addition to any garden.
Remorseful Cleric①A lifetime of keeping up appearances is not enough to earn an eternity of rest.
Remorseless Punishment①"I have suffered a thousand lifetimes of agony on this wretched world. I've far less time to share with you, but I assure you, no less pain."↵-Ob Nixilis
Remove Soul①Nethya stiffened suddenly, head cocked as if straining to hear some distant sound, then fell lifeless to the ground.
Remove Soul①Nethya stiffened suddenly, head cocked as if straining to hear some distant sound, then felt lifeless to the ground.
Remove Soul①When your enemies are denied soldiers, they are denied victory.
Renari, Merchant of Marvels①"Sure, you can get one elsewhere . . . if you want a knockoff that'll break the first time you use it."
Renari, Merchant of Marvels①"Sure, you can get one elsewhere … if you want a knockoff that'll break the first time you use it."
Rend Flesh①"The Reito Massacre was a testament to the kami's unstoppable power. The human defenders might as well have been moths battling a forest fire."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Rend Spirit①"The battle at Ganzan Pass was a testament to human endurance. The untrained and frightened group escaped three legions of kami, leaving more than their share of slain foes in their wake."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Render Silent①"We have confiscated your spells as evidence. Once we conclude our investigation, you may petition to have them returned."
Rending Flame①"It is our duty to bring the Blessed Sleep to the dead, even if they resist that gift."↵-Grete, Order of Saint Traft
Rending Volley①The sky offers few hiding places.
Renegade Demon①"Have you ever cornered a wounded vampire? That's a walk in the cathedral garden in comparison."↵-Tristen, Cathar Marshal
Renegade Demon①Confront it at your own peril, for it will confront you for its own amusement.
Renegade Doppelganger①To truly know a creature, slither a mile in its tentacles.
Renegade Firebrand①"For freedom! For fame! For fire!"
Renegade Map①"We have safe houses in every zone, but you'll never find one without this."
Renegade Rallier①"This fight belongs to us all."
Renegade Tactics①"Nothing against you. It's just that waiting for Consulate clearance was never really my thing."
Renegade Troops①"Across the land rebellions seethed and swarmed / As vicious war lords swooped down on all sides."
Renegade Warlord①"His tongue must be honey, the way he gathers ants to fight with him."↵-Volrath
Renegade Wheelsmith①Many veterans of the Ovalchase racetrack turned their talents to the renegade cause.
Renegade's Getaway①You can't fight what you can't find.
Renewed Faith①"To see gods among the people, part of their daily lives . . . It's inspiring."
Renewed Faith①Skepticism fades in the face of the miraculous.
Renewing Dawn①Dawn brings a new day, and a new day brings hope.
Renewing Touch①Death just encourages life the more.
Renounce the Guilds①"Scores will die in the name of peace. That is what you call compromise?"↵-Gideon Jura, to Aurelia
Renounce①Gerrard offered no defense to Orim's condemnation; the mission was under his command, and he was responsible.
Renowned Weaver①"You think your weaving as beautiful as mine? Let me show you the true meaning of the craft."
Reparations①"Sorry I burned down your village. Here's some gold."
Repay in Kind①Sorin has gathered grudges for centuries, patiently awaiting the day he can exact the perfect vengeance.
Repeal①"Your deed cannot be undone. You, however, can be."↵-Agosto, Azorius imperator
Repeated Reverberation①It's in the nature of fire to grow.
Repel the Abominable①"Fight for a better future, even if you may not live to see it."↵-Grete, Order of Saint Traft
Repel the Darkness①A boon to those who cannot see in the dark. A bane to those who live in it.
Repel the Vile①"You are a guest in this realm, and you've overstayed your welcome."↵-Yui, Imperial intercessor
Repel①"I have a hunch we'll be seeing that one again soon."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Repentance①"The cannon wasn't aimed at you!" pleaded Vhati. "I'm not sure which is more pathetic," replied Greven, "your judgment or your aim."
Repentant Blacksmith①"For my confession they burned me with fire / And found that I was for endurance made."↵-*The Arabian Nights*,↵trans. Haddawy
Repentant Blacksmith①"For my confession they burned me with fire And found that I was for endurance made." -*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Haddawy
Repentant Blacksmith①"For my confession they burned me with fire↵And found that I was for endurance made."↵-*The Arabian Nights*, trans. Haddawy
Repercussion①"Tyrants will always suffer consequences. My favorite are the fiery ones."
Repercussion①Not all Keld's warriors are found on the battlefield.
Replenish①Treasures, trinkets, trash-the relics of the past are brought forth again.
Replication Specialist①"Step one is innovation. Step two is production. Sometimes step one is optional."
Repository Skaab①Created to capture the spark of genius for later use.
Reprisal①"A tiny flame is enough to dispel the night."↵-Elspeth
Reprisal①"Fear this no more!"
Reprisal①"Kjeldor's borders are secure, and its citizens are prepared to take up arms in defense of their families."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Reprisal①"The meek shall fight as one, and they shall overcome even the greatest of foes."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Reprisal①"The meek shall fight as one, and they shall overcome even the greatest of foes."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Reprisal①"The meek shall fight as one, and they shall overcome even the greatest of foes."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Reprobation①There was a time all craven beasts cowered before Avacyn's divine might.
Reprocess①Everything will find its use in Phyrexia. Eventually.
Reprocess①The battle's end is the meal's beginning.
Reptilian Reflection①Danger often lurks in the allure of crystal shards.
Repulse①"You aren't invited."
Requiem Angel①When angels despair, what hope can remain for mortals?
Reroute①Three hundred years of practice thwarted by an instant of mischief.
Rescuer Chwinga①Fortunately for lost travelers, chwingas' curiosity often gets the better of their shyness.
Rescuer Sphinx①"Now, little fighter, show me you deserved this second chance."
Rescue①"Urza, I've discovered more promising students than you and my husband have, combined. And I haven't lost a single one."↵-Rayne, Academy Chancellor
Rescue①With just a few seconds to escape, Deryan saved Hurkyl's editions on restoring physical objects from ash.
Resculpt①Critics were struck first by the elemental's surprising grace, and then by its fists.
Research Assistant①There are many words and phrases that can cause an experienced wizard to tremble in fear. Chief among them is "oops."
Research Thief①The Futurists eagerly supplement their research with their rivals' closely guarded secrets.
Reservoir Walker①Renegade supply lines are, by necessity, mobile and difficult to disrupt.
Reshape the Earth①"The land is not dead, merely dormant. It will awaken if you know how to ask."↵-Gilanra, Caller of Wirewood
Reshape①"Today's paperweight, tomorrow's leveler."↵-Bruenna, Neurok leader
Resilient Wanderer①Nomads understand many cultures and therefore travel without fear.
Resistance Fighter①"My soldiers fought without hesitation, died without doubt."↵-Sidar Jabari
Resistance Squad①"It's not that I didn't expect some defiance, but I did hope it wouldn't be so heavily armed."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Resolute Archangel①Cut it down, bury it in snow, put it to the torch. The rose will still bloom again.
Resolute Blademaster①"Great steel is born in the hottest forges. Great soldiers are born in war."
Resolute Reinforcements①Morale rarely survives the sudden appearance of a squad of Sursi skirmishers at an army's flank.
Resolute Rider①"Respect the wilds? Certainly. Fear them? No."
Resolute Strike①"If you practice something often enough, it becomes part of you. That's why we train, and that's why we survive."↵-Tasha, Graypelt veteran
Resolute Survivors①"We are crops no longer. Reap elsewhere."
Resolute Veggiesaur①This dinosaur doesn't know what will kill him, but he's determined it won't be heart disease.
Resolute Watchdog①A friend in good times, a guardian in bad times, and a savior when all else fails.
Resourceful Return①When the salvage team brought in the shattered gearhulk, a wave of excitement swept through the renegade foundry.
Respite①"If they board us we're finished," warned Orim. Crovax nodded. "And if they don't . . . what then?"
Resplendent Mentor①Thoughtweft gives new meaning to the phrase "common knowledge."
Rest for the Weary①Zendikar is a brutal taskmaster, but sometimes it offers unexpected solace.
Rest in Peace①"I will keep watch."
Rest in Peace①Lucy had chased every ball, chewed every stick, and rolled in every puddle. She lay down in the sun, content at last.
Rest in Peace①Some corpses the Golgari cannot claim. Some souls the Orzhov cannot shackle.
Restless Bones①"We mourn our dead. We shroud our dead. We bury our dead. Too often, it seems, we must kill our dead again."↵-Grazda, veteran armorer
Restless Dead①The rich's heirs often thank them after death . . . but preferably not in person.↵-Suq'Ata epigram
Restless Dreams①Braids dreams of dark rebirth.
Restock①"We hid such stockpiles all over Rath. We should continue that practice here."↵-Lin Sivvi
Restock①What looked like a retreat was actually a replenishing.
Restoration Gearsmith①All she touches turns to well-oiled, delicately calibrated, perfectly balanced gold.
Restoration Specialist①Dwarves' tools are priceless heirlooms handed down through generations.
Restorative Burst①"Death? Everyone does death. Let me show you something actually impressive."
Restore the Peace①"You can always count on the Azorius to ruin a party."↵-Massacre Girl
Restore①"See, the land itself raises an altar to the ascendancy of nature."↵-Mayael the Anima
Restrain①"Hanna would give up her own life before she'd abandon the *Weatherlight*."↵-Sisay
Resupply①"If the scalelords are the brains of Dromoka's army, the supply caravans are its beating heart."↵-Baihir, Dromoka mage
Resurgent Belief①No god on Theros ever truly dies as long as there are those who still have faith in them.
Resurrection①"Think of this new life not as a gift from the angels but as a command to fight for their cause once more."↵-War blessing of Serra
Resuscitate①"It is the art of convincing someone to live."↵-Orim, Samite healer
Retaliate①The Auriok learned perseverance from their forebears. They learned justice from the leonin.
Retaliation①A foul, metallic stench clogged Urza's senses. It was then he knew his brother was no more.
Retaliator Griffin①For every eye, an eye. For every tooth, a tooth. Griffins are nothing if not fair.
Retether①The rifts reach into infinite time streams, bringing the divergent products of alternate pasts into the present.
Rethink①"Are you *sure* you want to do that?"
Retraced Image①An army from a soldier, a flock from a bird, a school from a fish . . . a profit from an atrocity.
Retraction Helix①Where the geometries of the world collapse, a master of the aether can harvest power beyond comprehending.
Retraction Helix①Where the geometries of the world collapse, a master of the Æther can harvest power beyond comprehending.
Retract①"Secrets are meant to remain secret."↵-Memnarch
Retreat to Coralhelm①Their Enclave overrun, the merfolk took refuge within beauty.
Retribution of the Ancients①Abzan ancestors died to protect their Houses, and they protect them still.
Retribution of the Meek①"Tread upon the meek, and they shall wound your feet and make you crawl."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Retributive Wand①"The last blast is the biggest."↵-Sargis Haz, artificer
Retrieve①The roots preserved the armor for a hundred years, safeguarding it for a traveler in need.
Retromancer①"If one harm us, strike them in return. So sayeth the bey."
Return from Extinction①The First Sliver calls. The dead answer.
Return of the Wildspeaker①"The curse is broken."
Return to Action①"You're hurt? Too bad. You stop fighting when I say, and not a moment sooner."↵-Satoru Umezawa
Return to Battle①"Swallowing his eye, the valiant Xiahou Dun fought on; / But Cao Cao's vanguard, its commander wounded, could not hold out for long."
Return to Dust①Some timelines forever fray, branch, and intermingle. Others end abruptly.
Return to Nature①"Even steel and stone return to Ghrin-Danu in time."↵-Katilda, Dawnhart Prime
Return to Nature①"Far-seeing Kruphix glimpsed the end: Heliod's spear cast down and broken."↵-*The Cosmogony*
Return to Nature①"Long after the magic wore off, the mice still dreamed of glorious galloping."↵-*Tales of the Fae*
Return to Nature①"Yes, nature is stronger. You don't see little buildings sprouting on trees."↵-Emmara
Return to the Earth①"Dragons are feared for their breath and their bite, but it is their wings that make them unconquerable. Bring them to earth, and they die like any other beast."↵-Kassur, Sultai hunter
Returned Centaur①Driven away by his living kin, he wanders mourning through the wilderness, seeking the dead city of Asphodel.
Returned Pastcaller①Lorehold spirit statues are not forbidden from raising statues of their own.
Returned Phalanx①They lived in different nations and fought in different eras, but as the Returned, they link arms as one.
Returned Reveler①The flesh is dead and the life forgotten, but old habits persist.
Revealing Wind①"The sands obscure the vision of others, but clarify ours."↵-Faiso, Dromoka commander
Reveille Squad①"To arms! To arms! The Lion roars!"
Reveka, Wizard Savant①"It's nice to see a sister Dwarf in a position of such power, but why'd it have to be one of those seafaring muleheads?"↵-Halina, Dwarven Trader
Revel in Silence①"Sit down and listen."
Revel of the Fallen God①"Xenagos has fallen, and the world grows dark without him. What can ever fill that darkness but our rage?"↵-Guruthes, disciple of Xenagos
Revelation of Power①As Ob Nixilis closed in, Halo swept through Giada like an electrical current, and inside her, something long dormant unfurled its wings.
Revelation①"Many are in high place, and of renown: but mysteries are revealed unto the meek." -Ecclesiastes 3:19
Revelation①"Many are in high place, and of renown: but mysteries are revealed unto the meek." -Ecclesiasticus 3:19
Revelsong Horn①A deflated sigh breathed into the horn emerges as an inspiring melody.
Revenant Patriarch①"The Golgari raise the bodies of their dead to serve. We raise the spirits of our dead to lead."
Revenant①"Not again."↵-Hans
Revenant①Born from the slaughter of an entire army, it bears the wrath of a hundred souls.
Revenant①It eats death and drinks pain.
Revenge of Ravens①Syr Tasdale declared that he never wanted to see the witch Ygretta again. Her familiars quickly granted his request.
Revenge of the Drowned①A heavy net doesn't always mean a good catch.
Reverberate①"I'm not indecisive. I just don't like to limit my options."↵-Maxti, pyromancer
Reverberate①"Not bad, but I can think of a better use for that."
Reverberate①"That which was, will be. That which will be, was."↵-Kairos Fateweaver
Reverberate①For every action, there is a swifter and more violent reaction.
Revered Dead①"The mists coalesced into silent warriors. We charged them and broke through their lines, only to see them swirl and re-form behind us."↵-Golas Mahr, black knight
Revered Elder①The Cho-Arrim worship life and revere those who've experienced it longest.
Revered Unicorn①"I felt unworthy even to dream of it."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Reverence①"Despite the massive forces that allied against him, Konda never once believed he would lose the Kami War."↵-Masako the Humorless
Reverent Hoplite①"Zeal is the sharpest blade, and piety the strongest shield."
Reversal of Fortune①"Why learn hundreds of spells when you can learn only one and use it to steal hundreds?"
Reverse Damage①"My enemy's hatred is his weakness. My enemy's anger is my strength."↵-Remin, venerable monk
Reverse Damage①"Weapons usually bring death. Today, mine will bring life."
Reverse Engineer①The Hold, an illegal research facility in a derelict merchant ship, became a wellspring of renegade intelligence.
Reverse the Sands①Worse than the years of aging was the burden of memory. The young monk lost his youth and gained a vicarious lifetime of hardship and woe.
Revitalize①"A potion is no substitute for a skilled surgeon, but it will hold your bits in."↵-Torricks, battlefield medic
Revitalize①"Knight Kathryn closed her eyes, bracing herself for the end. When she opened them again, she stood triumphant over her foe."↵-Thadus the Healer, *Memoirs*
Revitalize①Esika alone knows how to distill the essence of the World Tree into the Cosmos Elixir, a magical substance which grants the Skoti god-family immortality.
Revival Experiment①What goes into the vivipods never quite matches what comes out.
Revive①Even what is lost beyond recall returns when coaxed by a dryad's hand.
Revive①Gerrard's heart ached, recalling the living wreath Mirri laid for her dead kin. No such memorial was left for her in Rath.
Reviving Dose①As healers battled each plague, they learned more about the next.
Reviving Dose①Samite healers never mix their pungent elixir with sweetener or tea. The threat of a second dose is enough to get most warriors back on their feet.
Reviving Melody①"Listen to my song, and you need never forge a golden mask to return to me."
Revoke Existence①"No half measures, no regrets. We'll tell no stories of this day. It will be as if it never existed at all."↵-Ganedor, loxodon mystic
Revoke Existence①"The time has come for us to throw off the chains of tyrannical gods and antiquated superstitions."↵-Tikaia, disciple of Uremides
Revoke Existence①"There will come a time when the gods will look at mortals and shudder."↵-Uremides the philosopher
Revoke Privileges①"By order of Consulate Mandate 482, I am required to detain you, citizen."
Revolutionary Rebuff①By the time a Consulate sanction becomes official, the renegade quicksmiths have already found a way to circumvent it.
Reward the Faithful①"When you have drunk your fill, pass the cup to others who thirst."
Rewards of Diversity①"Everything is in place. Nothing can happen that isn't part of my plan."↵-Urza
Rewind①"Let's go over this one more time. . . ."
Rewind①"The best denials are simply that: a beginning and end unchanged, a dream with no memory."
Rewind①"Time flows like a river. In Tolaria we practice the art of building dams."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Reya Dawnbringer①"You have not died until I consent."
Reya Dawnbringer①A beacon of hope for a battered army.
Reyav, Master Smith①"There's always room for improvement."
Rhet-Crop Spearmaster①"In the afterlife, I'll have no need of sleep. And until then, I have no time for it!"
Rhizome Lurcher①"The dead gain new purpose here. What is strange in the eyes of other guilds is harmonious in ours."↵-Devesh, Golgari shaman
Rhonas's Last Stand①Rhonas continued to fight until his last breath and even beyond.
Rhonas's Monument①"The worthy shall hone a strong body to endure the boundless energies of the afterlife."↵-Monument inscription
Rhonas's Stalwart①"Give me some room."
Rhox Bodyguard①An enlightened soul caged in a body made for battle.
Rhox Brute①"In this new world, I have seen the once-devout rhoxes take up arms with the savages of Jund. I would be offended, but I see the wisdom in their choice."↵-Gernan, Dawnray archer
Rhox Charger①"Momentum is a great ally."
Rhox Faithmender①Rhoxes who live long enough to retire from war lend support with their extensive knowledge of combat injuries.
Rhox Meditant①The weight of her conviction balances on the harmony of her soul.
Rhox Oracle①"The further into the future I look, the less certain my vision. Even now, the middle distance is obscured by fire."
Rhox Pikemaster①When the rhoxes charge, everyone else knows which way to run.
Rhox Pummeler①When all you have is a warhammer, every face looks like a nail.
Rhox Veteran①"Battle is all about where you stand. Never stand in my way."
Rhox War Monk①Rhox monks are dedicated to spiritual growth and learning, and most bear the sigils of many students. However, they do not gladly suffer fools or those who disagree with their carefully wrought dogma.
Rhox①It's as solid as the club in its hand-and about as subtle.
Rhys the Exiled①Once a famed hunter and packmaster, now a renegade seeking his own path.
Rhys the Redeemed①Whole again in honor and horn.
Rhystic Cave①"All mages dip into the same well; some are just in more of a hurry."↵-Alexi, zephyr mage
Rhystic Circle①The circle buys time-an important commodity in battle.
Rhystic Deluge①"I'll rain down on you with the power of magic itself. Then we'll see who prevails."↵-Alexi, zephyr mage
Rhystic Scrying①"The trick is to ask when no one's listening."↵-Alexi, zephyr mage
Rhystic Shield①A shield for one is good. A shield for everyone is even better.
Rhystic Study①"I believe I've discovered something truly incredible: a way to harness magic through science!"↵-Jayce Talis
Rhystic Study①Friends teach what you want to know. Enemies teach what you *need* to know.
Rhystic Syphon①Jamuraan wizards are linked together by magic, a bond that only the wicked dare exploit.
Rhystic Tutor①Any lock can be undone, any secret revealed.
Rhythm of the Wild①Some view Domri's unlikely ascent as a sign of Ilharg the Raze-Boar's imminent return.
Rib Cage Spider①Everything it sees it considers food-and with that many eyes, it's not liable to miss much.
Ribbon Snake①All snakes slither. Only this one soars.
Ribbons of Night①"My favorite meal is angel's flesh, slain in agony and iced with black vinegar."↵-Aszala of House Dimir
Ribbons of the Reikai①"If wisdom is a river, then we cup our hands, reach in, and drink from it in sips. The kami, however, are like fish, swimming, breathing, surrounded in its presence."↵-Dosan the Falling Leaf
Ribbons①Better To Reign In Hell Than Serve In Heaven
Richard Garfield, Ph.D.①And yea he doth spake: "Let there be Magic."
Ricochet Trap①In his last seconds, Remhas regretted using his most powerful spell.
Riddlekeeper①Fools surrender their sanity to his riddles. Even greater fools try to solve them.
Riddlemaster Sphinx①"Safe passage requires only a simple answer to a simple question, traveler."
Riddlesmith①The Neurok see the artificer as an archaeologist, clearing away falsehoods to see the truth hidden beneath.
Ride Down①"I will wash you from my hooves!"↵-Mardu taunt
Ride Down①The Order of Saint Traft cleared the roads of cultists and horrors, opening the way for the villagers to flee Thraben.
Ride Guide①"When riding Erebo's Whip, remember to keep your arms, legs, and any strange flailing appendages inside the vehicle at all times."
Ride the Avalanche①The mountain will build your cairn of snow and ice and stone.
Ridge Rannet①"Only those with the strength to seize their destiny deserve to have one."↵-Nacatl scratchforms
Ridged Kusite①"It offers but a taste of the power that the shadows have to offer. But even that is a heady wine indeed."↵-Ratadrabik of Urborg
Ridgeline Rager①While armies battled across Jamuraa, beasts stalked the high places looking for victims.
Ridgescale Tusker①"Each creature holds a solution to a problem, a lesson to be learned."↵-Oviya Pashiri, sage lifecrafter
Ridgetop Raptor①"The Skirk Ridge has many wonderful things to discover-like escape routes."↵-Foothill guide
Riding Red Hare①One of the greatest steeds in the empire, Red Hare could travel a thousand *li* a day and climb hills as if running on flat ground.
Riding the Dilu Horse①"All men have their appointed time; that's something no horse can change."↵-Liu Bei, after being told that the Dilu brings its master ill fortune
Rielle, the Everwise①"Being all-knowing is a matter of remembering which things it is crucial to forget."
Rift Elemental①"It's difficult to heal a rift after it begins wandering about on its own."↵-Teferi
Riftsweeper①"Beings of the rifts are not natural. No longer will these abominations tread upon the body of Gaea."
Rigging Runner①The hook makes him feel brave, and the hat makes him feel fancy.
Righteous Aura①"Good is not a 'thing.' You can neither touch nor own it. No, Good is a vision we all share and strive to make real."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Righteous Aura①"There is a great difference between pain and injury."↵-Cho-Manno
Righteous Avengers①Few can withstand the wrath of the righteous.
Righteous Blow①"Monsters will no longer find safety under the mists of Morkrut!"↵-Bruna, Light of Alabaster
Righteous Blow①"The Golgari believe they should be given what they deserve. On this we agree."↵-Tajic
Righteous Cause①"Until the world unites in vengeful fury and Phage is destroyed, I will not stay my hand."↵-Akroma, angelic avenger
Righteous Charge①"Bravery shines brightest in a pure soul."↵-Restela, Alaborn marshal
Righteous Charge①"In the name of peace, moderation, and decency-wipe them all out!"
Righteous Charge①Bravery shines brightest in a pure soul.
Righteous Indignation①"You are the disease that plagues Mercadia. I am the healer's knife that will cut you out."
Righteous War①"This is a war without neutrality."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Righteousness①"I too shall be brought low by death, but until then let me win glory."↵-Homer, *Iliad, Book XVIII*
Righteousness①Sometimes the greatest strength is the strength of conviction.
Righteousness①Syr Damon looked at the dragon and saw the faces of every innocent it had devoured. Suddenly, his sword blazed like the sun.
Rile①The enormous can still be at the mercy of the small.
Rime Dryad①"The Dryads told us to stay, as no new horrors would come when it was so cold. Three of us left anyway. The rest believed their lies, and their skeletons weren't found until the thaw."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Rime Tender①"Fools view winter as the season of death because they cannot see the life underneath."
Rime Transfusion①The unfortunates so transformed hungered not for flesh, but for warmth.
Rimebound Dead①"Tresserhorn is ours now. Dredge the lake and bring me all the bones you find. We'll build you a new army, the likes of which Terisiare has never seen."↵-Heidar, Rimewind master, to Haakon
Rimeshield Frost Giant①Frost giants carry the trophies of their greatest victories into battle, fashioned into armor of strength and savage beauty.
Rimewind Cryomancer①"The Thaw brings flooding, disease, and death. We will do all in our power to bring frigid peace back to the world."
Rimewind Taskmage①"Find solace in the sun? Burning, blinding, laying secrets bare? No, solace is found under the blanket of cold."
Rimewood Falls①"For a fortnight, our warband lay still beneath the icy waters, breathing through reeds as we waited for the great bear to appear."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Ring of Gix①Not every cage is made of bars.
Ring of Renewal①To the uninitiated, the Ring of Renewal is merely an oddity. For those fluent in the wielding of magic, however, it is a source of great knowledge.
Rings a Bell①Ding, ding, ding!
Rings of Brighthearth①"Without flame, there would be no iron tools, no cooked meals, no purge of old growth to make room for new."↵-Brighthearth creed
Rings of Brighthearth①Crafted in emulation of dwarven hearth decorations, these devices doubled the output of Amrit Vatyam's forges.
Ringwarden Owl①The owls learn of mana from the mages who know it best.
Riot Control①"Ravnicans need order. If they don't have it, we shall bring it to them."↵-Isperia
Riot Devils①Devils are demons' unearthly desires made flesh. Let loose on the world, they satisfy their mad craving for destruction in a whirlwind of chaos.
Riot Gear①Any meeting between guilds requires proper equipment.
Riot Piker①He doesn't care whether he's rioting about trade rights or just having a drunken brawl. He wakes up every morning eager to smash some heads.
Riot Ringleader①"So the vampires like hot blood, do they? Let's see how they handle ours."
Riot Spikes①Most auramancers would have let the spikes hover just above the skin. Having the spikes rip through the skin from beneath was a touch added by Rakdos himself.
Rip Apart①Torn from history. Torn from memory. Torn from reality.
Rip-Clan Crasher①If you breathe, she will fight you. If you breathe fire, she must fight you.
Riphook Raider①They weren't entirely wrong.
Ripjaw Raptor①Raptors are clever enough to tear away a hard metal shell to get at the tasty morsel inside.
Ripscale Predator①As Ravnica's wilds expanded, even advocates for nature had to confront fiercer natural threats.
Ripscale Predator①Dinosaurs rarely understand the idea of boundaries between the wild and the urban landscape.
Riptide Biologist①"I gave it two choices: life in the lab or death in the hunt."
Riptide Chimera①"I want one."↵-Kiora
Riptide Chronologist①The wizard consulted the Riptide Project about how to further his research. He wasn't prepared for what they told him.
Riptide Crab①It sleeps with its claws open.
Riptide Director①Those who lead others to wisdom become the wisest themselves.
Riptide Laboratory①Working with the best of intentions, its researchers unwittingly unleashed a plague of troubles upon Dominaria.
Riptide Mangler①It wants you to be its chum.
Riptide Turtle①"As the storm waves crushed my sailors, I cried out to Thassa. The next time I saw them, hard shells encased them, and they swam away to safety."↵-Siona, captain of the *Pyleas*
Rise Again①"I love those who are eager to serve."↵-Liliana Vess
Rise and Shine①Mood: "You can't keep us locked away anymore. To battle!"
Rise from the Grave①"Death is no excuse for disobedience."↵-Liliana Vess
Rise from the Grave①"Don't get too comfortable in there."↵-Liliana Vess
Rise from the Grave①"For my enemies, one death. For my allies, many."↵-Liliana Vess
Rise from the Tides①"Dear brother, it's sweet that you have chosen to share your toys with Ludevic, but I too have found some new playmates."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Rise of Eagles①An offering to the sea brings an insight from the stars.
Rise of Extus①With one lethal strike, Extus took control of the Oriq and took his first step towards vengeance.
Rise of the Dark Realms①"For every living person there are generations of dead. Which realm would you rather rule?"↵-Liliana Vess
Rise of the Dark Realms①Lock your doors... they're coming home
Rise of the Hobgoblins①A river even the merrow dare not cross.
Rise to Glory①A hero dies, and a legend arises.
Rise to the Challenge①Plidius wagered that Arissa couldn't kill a chimera with her javelins alone. She proved him wrong in a way everyone could see for days to come.
Risen Reef①"No, not 'washed' ashore. It *walked* ashore."↵-Shafring Hulm, beachcomber
Risen Riptide①"Most days the sea is my friend. But only most days."↵-Jori En, expedition leader
Risen Sanctuary①When one of the great guardians arises, it sweeps enemies aside like chaff yet takes care not to crush a single insect underfoot.
Rishadan Airship①The view is truly spectacular-as long as you don't look at Rishada itself.
Rishadan Cutpurse①The bigger the purse, the greater the fool.↵-Rishadan saying
Rishadan Dockhand①It's not hard to find work in Rishada, so long as you've got a strong back and don't ask too many questions.
Rishadan Footpad①"The best things in life are free. Money, for instance."
Rishadan Pawnshop①Everything comes to the waterfront eventually, on the tide or on credit.
Rishadan Port①2020 Legacy Champion
Rishadan Port①Rishada is the gateway to free trade-but the key will cost you.
Rishkar's Expertise①"Control the Great Conduit? You might as well try to divert a river with your hands."
Rishkar, Peema Renegade①"Aether is the soul of Kaladesh, and all souls should be free."
Rising Populace①Grief is a crucible where resolve is tempered.
Rising Waters①Rising waters, sinking hope.
Rite of Flame①As the flames engulfed her, Chandra opened her heart and offered up her greatest regrets to be consumed by the inferno.
Rite of Flame①Deep beneath the ice, beneath the soil and the rock, Dominaria's fire still burned hot.
Rite of Harmony①Nature bends to the witches' call.
Rite of Oblivion①Revenge is a circle without end.
Rite of Passage①Every scar is a lesson, every battle a test of what you have learned.
Rite of Ruin①Skirsdag cultists refused to quietly accept Avacyn's ascendancy.
Rite of the Serpent①"From your death, new life. From your loss, our profit."↵-Kirada, Qarsi overseer
Rites of Flourishing①"Dance, and bring forth the coil! It is an umbilical to Gaea herself, fattening us with the earth's rich bounty."
Rites of Reaping①Don't cross a Devkarin elf unless you long for an early grave.
Rith's Attendant①"Rith is the claw of the ur-dragon, scattering seeds of devastation."
Ritual Guardian①"By ancient magics, by angels' grace, we will survive this night."
Ritual of Hope①"Tonight, we can be anything."
Ritual of Rejuvenation①"Nothing is more sacred than the gift of blood. Blessed are the vein that empties and the heart that is renewed."
Ritual of Restoration①Leonin raising ceremonies take place at the white sun's dawn, the rebirth of artifacts mirroring the birth of a new day.
Ritual of Soot①Only the patrol's armor was found, so tainted with the acrid smell of sudden death that it could never be worn again.
Ritual of Steel①"Our soldiers are blessed with lizard scales as hard and cold as steel."↵-Sidar Jabari
Ritual of Subdual①"That which does not bend to the will of Freyalise shall surely break."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Ritual of Subdual①"That which does not bend to the will of Freyalise shall surely break."↵-Kolbjorn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Ritual of the Machine①"Rumors persist of dark deeds performed in the depths of Soldev. When will Dagsson heed the danger therein?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Ritual of the Machine①"Rumors persist of dark deeds performed in the depths of Soldev. When will Dagsson heed the danger therein?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Ritual of the Returned①A mask forged to avenge a death forgotten.
Rivalry①The goblins revered it; the viashino defended it. Only Urza understood it.
Rivals' Duel①They could agree on one thing only: one of them must die.
Riven Turnbull①"Political violence is a perfectly legitimate answer to the persecution handed down by dignitaries of the state."
River Bear①The bears had been isolated on an island for hundreds of years, until the island sank and the bears didn't.
River Boa①"But no one heard the snake's gentle hiss for peace over the elephant's trumpeting of war."↵-Afari, *Tales*
River Boa①"Sheath your swords! Cudgels only. I see a new pair of waterproof trek boots slithering away."↵-Nablus, North Hada trapper
River Darter①"Don't make splashes. Make progress."↵-Tishana
River Heralds' Boon①"We are kin to the trees, and their strength is our own."
River Hoopoe①"It's a cruel thing to give such a sad song to such a colorful creature."↵-Sana, former Ahn-crop initiate
River Kaijin①"Since the war began, fishermen don't sing to the kaijin to ask for full nets. They guard the shore with thrice-blessed spears, saving the nets for their wives to pack their belongings and leave."↵-Hayato, master sailor
River Merfolk①"Dwelling in icy mountain streams near Goblin and Orcish foes, the River Merfolk were known for their stoicism."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. V*
River Merfolk①"Dwelling in icy mountain streams near goblin and orcish foes, the river merfolk were known for their stoicism."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. V*
River Serpent①Though the Luxa River brings life to Naktamun, it's not without dangers.
River Sneak①No ripples, no splashes, no warning.
River of Tears①"The Westfolk wept, and their tears wore winding rivers into the cheek of the world."↵-Glem the Lonebard, "Origins of Kholon"
River's Rebuke①Carefully following the thaumatic compass Bolas had given her, Vraska blundered straight into the River Heralds' trap.
Riverfall Mimic①Mimics don't hide their natural form well, but their disguises work well enough on boggarts.
Riverglide Pathway①"The wind knows the way. Just let it carry you there."↵-Amandi, kitesail expert
Riverwheel Aerialists①Adepts of the Riverwheel Stronghold can run through rain and never get wet; masters use the raindrops as stepping stones.
Riverwise Augur①"Time flows as the rivers do, toward an unknown sea. The wise know to look downstream."
Riveteers Ascendancy①"We are this city, down to its bones."
Riveteers Decoy①He keeps the heat off his allies-by drawing it all to himself.
Riveteers Initiate①Young viashino flock to the Riveteers for Ziatora's leadership, eager to unleash their own inner dragons.
Riveteers Overlook①Along the outer girders, in gold filigree, are inscribed the names of all those who fell to their deaths during construction.
Riveting Rigger①"Turn a blender into an arc welder with a portable fusion reactor and a frozen yogurt dispenser? We can do it!"
Rix Maadi Guildmage①Insatiable, irresistible, and insane.
Rix Maadi, Dungeon Palace①Even miles away, if you put your ear to the sewer vents, you can hear the screams and the tempestuous laughter.
Roadside Reliquary①Travelers who leave an offering may pass freely through the forest kami's domain.
Roaming Ghostlight①Some who die senseless deaths return as formless spirits, seeking answers where there are none.
Roar of Reclamation①"Yesterday's relics will determine the outcome of tomorrow's war."↵-Ushanti, leonin seer
Roar of the Crowd①One voice is but a pebble to the rest of the world. A thousand voices at once is an avalanche.
Roaring Primadox①"They're easy enough to find. Question is, are you sure you want to find one?"↵-Juruk, Kalonian tracker
Roaring Slagwurm①Wurms compete for nesting grounds near the Radix. The young who hatch closest have the best chance for survival.
Roast①"Intruders in the lands of Atarka have but two choices: be consumed by fire, or be consumed by maw."↵-Ulnok, Atarka shaman
Roast①The wave of lava seared cloth from skin, skin from flesh, and flesh from bone.
Rob the Archives①"Well, I guess stealth's out of the question."
Rob the Hoard①"Wait, it was just guarding a bunch of eggs! Where is the treasure?"↵-Xalcorin the bard
Robaran Mercenaries①"We learned from the best. And the worst. Pretty much whoever was available."
Robber Fly①In pursuit of the juicy fly, Squee stumbled on the hidden hangar.
Robe of Mirrors①"Does this make me look fat?"
Robe of Mirrors①"Some say you cannot hit what you cannot see. I prefer that you hit what I want you to see."↵-Arcanis the Omnipotent
Robe of the Archmagi①It offers the power to shape worlds and the elegance to do so with style.
Robo-Piuata①"I AM FILLED WITH DELICIOUS CANDY. I AM NOT A TRICK."
Robot Chicken①Why did the chicken cross the road? To die in the name of science.
Roc Charger①Rocs' innate fearlessness makes them ideal mounts for emergency response.
Roc Egg①A thin shell lies between the roc and a world of bite-sized treats.
Roc of Kher Ridges①We encountered a valley topped with immense boulders and eerie rock formations. Suddenly one of these boulders toppled from its perch and sprouted gargantuan wings, casting a shadow of darkness and sending us fleeing in terror.
Rocco, Cabaretti Caterer①They wouldn't admit it, but some people join the Cabaretti just for the food.
Rock Badger①"As it charged our keep, I mistook it for a bear. After it tore through our ramparts and half the guard, I wished it had been a bear after all."↵-Ballista guard
Rock Badger①The Kyren goblins created most of the inverted mountain's tunnels simply by driving the beast before them.
Rock Basilisk①In the eastern reaches of Jamuraa are arrangements of massive stones. No one knows their origins-for certain.
Rock Jockey①Goblins don't know much about physics, but they know lots about falling and rocks.
Rock Lobster①Many take the lobster for granite.
Rock Slide①"Good ol' rock. Nothing beats rock."↵-Rhirhok, goblin archer
Rock Star①Born to, and of, rock.
Rockcaster Platoon①"Aven bandits can be sly. You've got to fill the sky with boulders-and then seek cover immediately."↵-Knight-Captain Wyhorn
Rocket Launcher①What these devices lacked in subtlety, they made up in strength.
Rocket-Powered Turbo Slug①Did you go through all the trouble to unscramble this?
Rockfall Vale①Cries of panic echo along Kessig's narrow ravines as howlpacks herd their prey.
Rockslide Elemental①On Jund, even the landscape is a deadly hunter. Volcanoes, tar pits, and rock slides seem to prey upon the living.
Rockslide Sorcerer①"You can cower from the crushing shards or embrace the danger of Akoum. I've made my choice."
Rod of Ruin①"My masterpiece is complete-and so shall be my triumph."↵-Saldrath, master artificer
Rod of Ruin①The good news is it's so simple a goblin could use it. The bad news is it's so simple a goblin could use it.
Rod of Ruin①The rod is a relic from ancient times . . . cruel, vicious, mean-spirited times.
Rod of Spanking①Minutes before the campus watch busted pledge week at the Alpha Beta Unlimited house . . .
Rofellos's Gift①"Rise, elf. We are both of Gaea, and thus we are equal."↵-Multani, to Rofellos
Rofellos①Gerrard's longtime friend and fellow student under the maro-sorcerer Multani, Rofellos is an excellent warrior and excellent company. Though adept at both magic and swordplay, he's far more comfortable with a flagon in his hand and a good companion at his side.
Rograkh, Son of Rohgahh①Rograkh couldn't bear to watch his father pillage his own people. Not when there were so many other people they could pillage instead.
Rograkh, Son of Rohgahh①Strength is relative.
Rogue Elephant①"When are trees like grass?"↵-*The One Thousand Questions*
Rogue Kavu①"I know how this one feels," said Urza. "It's not like others of its kind and has been shunned for its differences."
Rogue Kavu①Every litter of kavu yields one cub that refuses to hunt with the pack.
Rogue Refiner①"It's natural, it's all around us, and it's there for the taking. Just try and tell me what I'm doing is wrong."
Rogue's Gloves①Professional pilferers prefer proper preparation.
Rogue's Gloves①Thievery requires subtlety, from the beginning of the heist to the end.
Rogue's Passage①Rumors quickly spread among thieves about a labyrinth without walls and a prize beyond all measures of worth.
Rogues' Gallery①Between the five of them, they'd committed every crime on the books and invented a few new ones.
Roil Elemental①A vortex that devours everything-even the souls of the living.
Roil Eruption①"Our feeble villages and tiny encampments stand only at the whim of the Roil."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Roil's Retribution①"We can use their hunger to lead them into danger. If we're already prey, we may as well be bait!"↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Roiling Regrowth①"Roots find their way through rock, and even mountains must give way to new growth."↵-Nissa Revane
Roiling Terrain①"The trembling lands ruptured, leaving an open door for things from below to emerge."↵-Screed of the Mul Daya
Roiling Waters①"The Roil may be unpredictable, but it is not uncontrollable."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem roilmage
Roilmage's Trick①Weather on Zendikar is unpredictable-unless you're the one telling it what to do.
Role Reversal①Uthlon the Wise scandalized sphinx society, hooting the answers to riddles as he rampaged through Tin Street. Grangle, on the other hand, sat for hours, deep in thought, largely ignored by fellow goblins.
Roller Coaster①Every rider leaves The Fluctuator happy-most because they're thrilled to still be alive.
Roller Coaster①The Howling Mine moves faster than the speed of sound. The screams you hear are the group ahead of you.
Roller Coaster①The Time Spiral goes so fast it causes a paradox. Myra uses this opportunity to sell guests their souvenir photos while they're still waiting to board.
Roller Coaster①They say you leave a piece of yourself behind on Garruk's Wake. The janitorial bots can tell you that's absolutely true.
Rollick of Abandon①"Embrace every moment, for it could be your last."↵-Xenagos, god of revels
Rolling Earthquake①An empire can take centuries to build but mere moments to destroy.
Rolling Spoil①The shadow that fell over the grove was silent yet horribly alive, roiling with millions of tiny minions dedicated to the process of rot.
Rolling Stones①"Trust me-the walls have more than just ears."↵-Orcish spy
Rolling Stones①"We spent three weeks trying to knock that wall down. Now it's knocking us down."↵-Onean sergeant
Rolling Stones①Walls collapse and kill people all the time. Some are just more aggressive about it.
Rolling Temblor①When demons open a path to your front door, it's time to move.
Rolling Thunder①"Such rage," thought Vhati, gazing up at the thunderhead from the *Predator*. "It is Greven's mind manifest."
Rolling Thunder①"Such rage," thought Vhati, gazing up at the thunderhead from the Predator. "It is Greven's mind manifest."
Rolling Thunder①"Zendikar is always angry, though I've never seen that anger so precisely directed."↵-Nablus, North Hada trapper
Rona, Sheoldred's Faithful①"Consider yourself lucky. Not everyone is granted the gift of *compleation*."
Ronin Cavekeeper①The akki were surprised to encounter a human who could fight in the caves as well as they.
Ronin Houndmaster①Some samurai fell so far out of grace that only dogs would keep them company.
Ronom Serpent①With the spread of Rimewind's sorcerous winter, snow dwellers reclaimed their places atop the food chain.
Ronom Unicorn①The aberrant magic of the Rimewind drew the unicorns back from the northern wastes to do battle once again.
Roofstalker Wight①No heartbeat to hear, no greed to bribe, no fear of death.
Rooftop Storm①"Let those idiot priests tremble! A new era in unlife begins here and now. Oglor, raise the lightning vane!"↵-Stitcher Geralf
Rookie Mistake①"Stop locking your knees as you strike! Now stand up and try again."
Roon of the Hidden Realm①"Time and space are just new battlefields to be mastered."
Root Cage①The Vintara Forest welcomes its enemies with a crushing embrace.
Root Greevil①The root of all greevils.
Root Maze①"We should step up repairs. I think the forest has plans for us."↵-Crovax
Root Maze①Pause for the briefest of moments to consider the whorl of brambles, the tangled twist of bark, and the maze has already won.
Root Sliver①"It would take another apocalypse to stop the slivers now."↵-Riptide Project researcher
Root Snare①The only casualties were a snapped spear, a lost helmet, and some bruised egos.
Root Snare①The roots run deep under stone and street, with strength that needs but a whisper to awaken.
Root Spider①"They're not half as fierce if they don't see you coming."↵-Devin, Faerie Noble
Rootbound Crag①Cliffs echo and branches quake at the roar of life.
Rootbreaker Wurm①As Gerrard made his escape, the wurm covered his flight by helping itself to three great mouthfuls of merfolk.
Rootgrapple①"All the sylvan secrets of this world are etched between my rings. The skinfolk's metal aberrations can rot between my roots."↵-Colfenor, the Last Yew
Rootha, Mercurial Artist①"Art is never finished. Merely abandoned."
Rooting Moloch①Their feeding habits leave them with gizzards full of tumbled gems.
Rootless Yew①"We are bound to wander this forest forever. Sometimes I think it wanders with us."↵-Ogni, Kannah scout
Roots of All Evil①"I assure you, these are not the kind that thrive on sunlight and water."
Roots of Wisdom①Though imprisoned in Jaspera trees, the elvish gods known as the Einir still whisper through the ages.
Roots①"That which nourishes can also bind."↵-Gemma, Willow Priestess
Rootwalla①If you try to sneak up on a rootwalla, you'll suddenly find yourself dealing with twice the lizard.
Rootwalla①They make terrible pets . . . unless you don't like your other pets.
Rootwalla①They make terrible pets … unless you don't like your other pets.
Rootwater Alligator①Subduing and skinning an alligator is the first rite of maturity adolescent merfolk must pass.
Rootwater Commando①Rootwater merfolk are seldom seen these days, but elf corpses are as numerous as ever.
Rootwater Diver①"Drop a dagger into the murky deep and the merfolk will cut your throat with it."↵-Skyshroud saying
Rootwater Hunter①"Bitter water vicious wave↵Shadow-cold shallows root-made maze↵Home's angry embrace."↵-*Rootwater Saga*
Rootwater Hunter①"Bitter water, vicious wave;↵Shadow-cold shallows, root-made maze.↵Home's angry embrace."↵-*Rootwater Saga*
Rootwater Hunter①"Bitter water, vicious wave;↵Shadow-cold shallows, root-made maze.↵Home's angry embrace."↵-Rootwater Saga
Rootwater Matriarch①In the harsh depths of Rootwater, the charms of surface dwellers are quite useless . . . except as lures.
Rootwater Mystic①"Read the roots tell the tale↵Future forms in waving weeds↵Higher than truth is hope."↵-*Rootwater Saga*
Rootwater Shaman①"Ugh! When did orcs and fish start having kids?"↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Rorix Bladewing①In an attempt to restore pride to Shiv and to forge an undying legacy, Rorix traveled far to compete for glory in Otaria's Grand Coliseum.
Rorix Bladewing①In the smoldering ashes of Shiv, a few dragons strive to rebuild their native land. The rest seek any opportunity to restore the broken pride of their race.
Rosemane Centaur①"I long for peaceful times, when I may tend to my garden instead of our borders."
Rosethorn Acolyte①"Old battlefields make great gardens. So rich from the blood of the fallen."
Rosheen Meanderer①Night after night, Rosheen babbled about a bygone sunlit world, her every word dismissed as a madwoman's ravings.
Rot Shambler①"If I die, feed me to a shambler. At least that way I'll be doing some good."↵-Ryza, Oran-Rief scout
Rot-Tide Gargantua①Now that it doesn't need to breathe, its hunting ground extends well beyond the sea.
Rotcrown Ghoul①"Don't look into its eyes. It's thinking things no dead thing should think."↵-Captain Eberhart
Roterothopter①"The Roterothopter is as insidious as it is ingenious. It is one of the few creations of our school that I take no pride in."↵-Baki, Wizard Attendant
Roterothopter①"The roterothoper is as insidious as it is ingenious. It is one of the few creations of our school that I take no pride in."↵-Baki, wizard attendant
Rotfeaster Maggot①Is it at the top of the food chain or the bottom?
Rotted Hulk①The hulk rose from the sea and loomed over the Champion. Pinned beneath the twisting, rotted planks of wood was the body of Kaliaros, the helmsman of her former crew, and beside him the captain, Photine.↵-*The Theriad*
Rotted Hystrix①Vorinclex had no grand plan. The oil did its own work, evolving creatures into worthy predators.
Rotted Ones, Lay Siege①"Don't come back until you've got brains in your teeth."
Rotten Reunion①Aunt and Uncle Greyfield loved dinner guests.
Rottenheart Ghoul①"To die failing to save a loved one is just so sad-or, more to the point, pathetic."↵-Liliana Vess
Rotting Fensnake①Its venom sacs are long gone, but its crushing strength is somehow greater than ever.
Rotting Giant①Wracked with rot, it wrecks and ruins.
Rotting Legion①Zombies have one speed: shamble.
Rotting Mastodon①Mastodons became extinct long ago, but foul forces of the Gurmag Swamp sometimes animate their decaying remains. The Sultai happily exploit such creatures but consider them inferior to their own necromantic creations.
Rotting Regisaur①"Now, *that's* a zombie!"↵-Modriss of Zargoth Fen
Rotwidow Pack①For each one you see, ten see you.
Roughshod Mentor①He didn't hear the cries of the treefolk whose branches he snapped or of the elves caught underfoot. He had eyes only for the path ahead.
Rousing Read①Great literature can transport the reader.
Rousing of Souls①"We remember. We rise."
Rout①"End this. What I seek is far greater."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Roving Harper①The Harpers value peaceful coexistence, historical preservation, and harmony with nature, and each day they spread their ideals a little farther.
Roving Keep①"It wandered slowly across the landscape, calling out in its lonely voice, but no other castles answered its cries."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Rowan Treefolk①One of the forest's best protectors is the forest itself.
Rowan's Battleguard①"This sword is Sunrise. The other is Dawn. They mark the beginning of my days but the end of yours."
Rowen①"I've dreamt of a second harvest but fear I will not see it."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Rowen①"I've dreamt of a second harvest but fear I will not see it."↵-Asmira, holy avenger
Rowen①Those who understand the forest are free to harvest its bounty.
Royal Assassin①An assassin is a king's most trusted courier, ensuring his messages are heard by even the most unwilling recipients.
Royal Assassin①Trained in the arts of stealth, royal assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force.
Royal Assassin①Trained in the arts of stealth, royal assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force..
Royal Assassin①Trained in the arts of stealth, the Royal Assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force.
Royal Assassin①Trained in the arts of stealth, the royal assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force.
Royal Carriage①The nobility must always ride in style
Royal Falcon①Hunter by instinct, weapon by training.
Royal Herbalist①"It's not so easy anymore. Nothing grows in Kjeldor but seaweed."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Royal Herbalist①"Just as an Herbalist heals a wound, so must we heal the rift between Balduvia and Kjeldor."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Royal Trooper①"Fortune does not side with the faint-hearted."↵-Sophocles, *Phaedra*
Royal Trooper①"Fortune does not side with the fainthearted."↵-Sophocles, Phaedra
Royal Trooper①"Loyalty guides me. Pride compels me. Anger sustains me. And the pay isn't bad."
Rubble Reading①Gruul oracles see omens in all forms of destruction: the entrails of a maaka's prey, the flight of vultures over a battlefield, the scattering of toppled stone.
Rubble Slinger①"Tear down the city, lie by lie. Then throw it back at the liars, stone by stone."↵-Domri Rade
Rubbleback Rhino①The trouble started when a street urchin bet a goblin he could ride one until the clock on Shilbo's Tower struck thirteen.
Rubblebelt Boar①Some Gruul druids believe that boars are spawn of the great Ilharg, the mighty Raze-Boar who will one day rise and level the city.
Rubblebelt Maaka①"The maaka remain loyal to us in this time of strife. We don't even have to feed them-our enemies do."↵-Nedja, Gruul shaman
Rubblebelt Raiders①"This city will perish, and the Gruul will cheer as the boar-god crushes the last bricks into dust."↵-Nikya of the Old Ways
Rubblebelt Recluse①Joining a guild, even the Gruul, would mean giving up some of his independence. He'd rather smash what he wants to smash.
Rubblebelt Rioters①"If the system is broken, break the system."↵-Domri Rade
Rubblebelt Runner①The sly, stealthy warriors of the Slizt Clan survive by hiding in high ground and ambushing their enemies. Other Gruul call them skulkers and cowards, but only from a safe distance.
Rubinia Soulsinger①"Take up the quill, and feel your future flow into the runes."
Ruby Leech①"Its gems didn't stop pulsating until they were completely removed."↵-Tolarian research notes
Rug of Smothering①"No, not an accessory to murder-I'm looking for an accessory *for* murder."↵-Nadja, Flaming Fist investigator
Rugged Highlands①Defense laser emplacements are usually located at high altitude, where the rarified air does little to impede their range of destructive efficacy.
Rugged Prairie①Hobs bury their kin far from home. They believe the dry, open ground keeps hags from stealing the bones and gwyllions from stealing the spirits.
Ruhan of the Fomori①Unfettered by allegiance, driven by war.
Ruin Crab①To an explorer, a priceless treasure. To the crab, a rock to call home.
Ruin Ghost①The Forsaken Ones haunt the ruins that flicker in and out of the spirit realm. Such sites are hard to find and even harder to loot.
Ruin Processor①The Eldrazi continue to sweep through the wastes, compounding destruction that already seemed absolute.
Ruin Rat①From every shadow came the dull scratch of teeth on bones.
Ruination Rioter①"Those urbanist cobble-roaches won't know what hit them!"
Ruination Wurm①When the architects of Ravnica claim a structure will stand against a wurm, they never mention for how long.
Ruination①"We have built a wall upon sand. The wall will vanish. The sand will remain."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Ruinous Gremlin①City officials once sent twenty gleaming automatons to exterminate a nest of gremlins. They soon saw the error of their ways.
Ruinous Intrusion①The gourd carving was supposed to take place *after* the feast.
Ruinous Minotaur①Not every intelligent being is interested in treasure and lost knowledge . . . or even the basics of speech.
Ruinous Ultimatum①"Strike those abominations down. Let their names rot with their remains."↵-General Kudro
Rukh Egg①Called "stonefeathers" by many lowlanders, rukhs are thought to descend from a phoenix that sacrificed its flame for a body of stone.
Rule of Law①Appointed by the kha himself, members of the tribunal ensure all disputes are settled with the utmost fairness.
Rule of Law①The law is meant to ensure that people kill each other with only the utmost fairness.
Rumbling Aftershocks①"I like it here. You always get a little more for your mana."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Rumbling Baloth①In the dim light beneath the vast trees of Deepglade, baloths prowl in search of prey. Their guttural calls are more felt than heard, but their attack scream carries for miles.
Rumbling Rockslide①"When monsters walk, the earth knows its place and yields."↵-Rielle, the Everwise
Rumbling Ruin①The Rubblebelt grows restless.
Rumbling Sentry①"To provoke the mountain is to invite the avalanche."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Rumbling Slum①The Orzhov contract the Izzet to animate slum districts and banish them to the wastes. The Gruul adopt them and send them back to the city for vengeance.
Rummaging Goblin①Goblins' eager curiosity leads them to scavenging, petty theft, and the rigging of sleek pirate ships. Some stop at scavenging.
Rummaging Goblin①To a goblin, value is based on the four S's: shiny, stabby, smelly, and super smelly.
Rummaging Wizard①"I've got everything you'd ever need right here. Just give me some time to find it."
Rumor Gatherer①"It's delightful, the things their owners reveal when they think no one is listening."
Run Afoul①"What did you catch today, my pet? Ah, it looks like a bit of vampire stuck between your teeth."↵-Atla Palani, nest tender
Run Aground①"That's the first time I've seen the ground do the running."↵-Captain Brinely Rage
Run Amok①"A Tuskeri never shrinks from battle! Quite the opposite in fact."↵-Arni Brokenbrow
Run Amok①Keld faced an apocalypse to fulfill a dire prophecy. Now Keldons have nothing left to believe in except themselves.
Run Ashore①"Which one of you slug-brained milksops forgot to make an offering to Cosima?"↵-Jolkur, navigator
Run Away Together①"Virtue is virtue, whatever the heart that nurtures it."↵-Malacan, Vantress exile
Run Away Together①True love means always knowing what's on the other's mind.
Run Out of Town①Better to depart in haste than be dearly departed.
Run Wild①Wirewood's beasts didn't seem to mind when the elves moved in. In fact, they hardly noticed them underfoot.
Runaway Carriage①"They left in one piece. I can't speak to how they arrived."↵-Rupirk, porter at the Rusted Anchor Inn
Runaway Trash-Bot①One day it might roll over your foot, the next day your entire house.
Rune Snag①"Concentration is key. Without it, a mage conjures nothing but a splitting headache."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Rune-Cervin Rider①Things of beauty are in constant peril. The riders whisk them to safety, ahead of the encroaching darkness.
Rune-Scarred Demon①The litany of the infernal on his flesh pulses to the beating of his dark heart.
Runeboggle①"Ever try to count hyperactive schoolchildren while someone shouts random numbers in your ear? It's like that."↵-Geetra, frustrated mage
Runebound Wolf①The wolf's captor hid his fear, but he knew someday the runes would fail, the collar would break, and the wolf would remember his face.
Runechanter's Pike①As sharp as its bearer's words of faith.
Runeclaw Bear①"Nature has grown tired of the impositions of men and will begin to outfit its creations with tools for bloody instruction."↵-Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Runeclaw Bear①Bears aren't always as strong and as mean as you imagine. Some are even stronger and meaner.
Runeclaw Bear①The magic of the elves leaves its mark on the forest. The magic of the forest leaves its mark on the animals who live there. The animals of the forest leave their mark on all who trespass.
Runeclaw Bear①The only honey it wants is the sweet nectar flowing through your veins.
Runed Servitor①Scholars had puzzled for centuries over the ruins at Tal Terig. Its secrets had always lived within one rune-carved head.
Runed Stalactite①When a changeling adopts a form no other changeling has taken, a rune appears in the caverns of Velis Vel to mark the event.
Runehorn Hellkite①Inscribed with runes that predate the dragon, its horns possess their own ancient magic.
Runewing①In the hands of the open-minded, a runewing quill writes wisdom of its own.
Runic Armasaur①The Sun Empire's most sacred sites are protected by more than prayers.
Runic Repetition①"What some call obsession, I call the quest for perfection."
Runic Shot①"Target acquired."
Rupture①All creatures have an inner fire. Releasing it can be dangerous.
Rural Recruit①The Dawnhart survivors welcome recruits of all shapes and sizes.
Rush of Adrenaline①Scarecrows only go so far in sending the message to stay away.
Rush of Battle①The Mardu charge reflects the dragon's speed-and its hunger.
Rush of Blood①Sometimes it's not for sustenance or to feed the dependence. Sometimes it's just to feel again.
Rush of Knowledge①"Limitless power is glorious until you gain limitless understanding."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Rush of Vitality①Short lives lead to forbidden choices.
Rushblade Commander①"I like a quick victory. More time to celebrate."
Rushed Rebirth①Witherbloom students learn to see death not as tragedy, but as opportunity.
Rushing-Tide Zubera①Cut off from the kakuriyo by the destruction of their honden, the zubera sought new ways to bring their secrets home.
Rushwood Dryad①Rushwood is a living jewel that reflects its dwellers' hearts.
Rushwood Dryad①To a dryad, every tree in the forest is both a doorway and a window.
Rushwood Herbalist①When generals gather their armies, healers gather their herbs.
Russet Wolves①"The wolves of our valley are bred to detest the scent of ghouls. For centuries they have kept our estates clear of such carrion."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Rust Monster①"They don't seem scary, but then you're suddenly standing there in your underclothes without a weapon. Then everything looks like a threat."↵-Jarro, battle master
Rust Scarab①"Behold nature's answer to the problem of society."↵-Nikya of the Old Ways
Rusted Relic①"We consider rust a curable disease."↵-Tarrin, Hammer-Tribe shaman
Rusted Sentinel①It has to deliberate a moment on the best way to break your face.
Rusted Slasher①"It's a beautiful vision. Discarded debris is reborn as a singular entity."↵-Urabrask the Hidden
Rustmouth Ogre①It has an iron stomach. Literally.
Rustrazor Butcher①A Bloodwort's blade is salted with blood and peppered with rust, seasoning and slaughtering in a single swipe.
Rustspore Ram①Where herds have passed, the dented ground is lined with piles of rust.
Rustvale Bridge①The path to strength is forged in stability.
Rustwing Falcon①Native to wide prairies and scrublands, falcons occasionally roost in dragon skeletons.
Rust①"How dull it is to pause, to make an end,/ To rust unburnished, not to shine in use,/ As though to breathe were life!"↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "Ulysses"
Ruthless Cullblade①She wields a blade as bloodthirsty and elegant as herself.
Ruthless Deathfang①"Bring forth the dead, their skull-grins and rattle-bones. We will feast upon their wailing ghosts."↵-Silumgar, translated from Draconic
Ruthless Disposal①"Do try to pull your weight, Geralf. I feel like I'm doing everything."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Ruthless Instincts①A single battle affects countless others.
Ruthless Invasion①"For the survival of our people, every conflict must now end in retreat."↵-Pythor, Mirran resistance
Ruthless Knave①"This scum is barely worth the trouble."
Ruthless Sniper①"You may feel a slight sting."
Ruthless Winnower①"I count the usurpers with my dagger, one death blow at a time."
Ryusei, the Falling Star①The course of the falling star always ends in ruin.
Saber Ants①They stay on the battlefield only long enough to consume the losers.
Saberclaw Golem①The warriors of the Blade Tribe charged the golem, twenty strong. They returned numbering ten . . . and a half.
Sabertooth Alley Cat①It has eight lives' worth of hunger to satisfy.
Sabertooth Mauler①"I hope the idiot who introduced these creatures to the jungle was their first meal."↵-Opar, veteran guide
Sabertooth Nishoba①They sneer at the terrestrial dangers found on peaks and shores, eager to prove themselves against new and even mightier foes.
Sabertooth Wyvern①Most creatures grow out of their baby teeth, but sabertooth wyverns grow into theirs.
Sabretooth Tiger①"Daughter, it is now your turn to hunt the Tiger, and make a blanket of its fur."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Sabretooth Tiger①"Here, kitty kitty. Here, kitty kitty. Aaaaugh!"
Sabretooth Tiger①"I fear anything with teeth measured in handspans!"↵-Norin the Wary
Sabretooth Tiger①To a sabretooth, all men are mice.
Sacellum Archers①"Our arrows are aimed not at the sacred behemoths but at those who dare to dream of such a trophy."
Sacellum Godspeaker①Her connection to the gargantuans puts her in line to become Anima, a sacred but daunting duty.
Sachi, Daughter of Seshiro①"The warriors deal in poison and fangs. We shamans remember why our ancestors crawled with their bellies to the earth."
Sacred Armory①Arrive for worship. Leave for war.
Sacred Boon①"Divine gifts are granted to those who are worthy."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Sacred Boon①"Divine gifts are granted to those who are worthy."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Sacred Excavation①The anointed work the mines without pause, their cartouches instilling them with tireless purpose.
Sacred Fire①"Do not confuse justice with mercy."↵-Odric, Order of Saint Traft
Sacred Foundry①"You will not be trained here. You will be forged."↵-Commander Yaszen
Sacred Foundry①After the Consulate's defeat, the forges were opened to all. Now inventions pour forth from Ghirapur as freely as molten metal from the foundry.
Sacred Foundry①Burning fervor and fearsome skill create a lethal beauty terrible to behold.
Sacred Ground①"That which knows itself cannot be shaped to another's will."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Sacred Ground①The knight knelt and prayed, first for the sanctity of his land and second for the strength to repel its invaders.
Sacred Ground①The land will never betray those who gave their lives for it.
Sacred Knight①"No flame, no horror can sway me from my cause."
Sacred Mesa①"Do not go there, do not go / unless you rise on wings, unless you walk on hooves."↵-"Song to the Sun," Femeref song
Sacred Nectar①"For he on honey-dew hath fed, And drunk the milk of Paradise."↵-Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Kubla Khan"
Sacred Nectar①"Over the silver mountains, Where spring the nectar fountains, There will I kiss The bowl of bliss; And drink my everlasting fill. . . ."↵-Sir Walter Raleigh, "The Pilgrimage"
Sacred Peaks①Everyone is welcome in the floating Serran cities, though few but the most faithful attempt the ascent.
Sacred Prey①To see one is a good omen to the Cho-Arrim.
Sacred White Deer①The pale deer are believed to have lived a thousand years, the pure white five hundred more. Those who seek them would gladly wander the wilds forever for the merest glimpse of these sacred beings.
Sacred Wolf①"I raised my bow, and the wolf stared at me. Under its gaze, my finger would not release the string."↵-Aref the Hunter
Sacrifice Play①In recursive chess, one piece can capture another only after beating it in a game of recursive chess.
Saddle of the Cavalier①". . . and I will need an equally righteous but slightly smaller saddle for my space hamster companion."↵-Minsc, beloved ranger
Saddleback Lagac①"A good lagac will carry you through thick and thin. A bad one . . . well, it's a tasty dinner."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Saddleback Lagac①"A good lagac will carry you through thick and thin. A bad one … well, it's a tasty dinner."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Saddled Rimestag①Horns of hoarfrost grow every night, gleam at dawn, and melt by dusk.
Sadistic Augermage①"Don't worry. I know the drill."
Sadistic Glee①"First blood isn't as important as last blood."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Sadistic Hypnotist①"Victory in the pits is almost as rewarding as the methods I use to achieve it."
Sadistic Obsession①Not everyone should take joy in their work.
Sadistic Skymarcher①"I will catch you, child of the sun. I will drink your life and leave you a husk, discarded in the shadows."
Safe Passage①As she shepherds the faithful, the angel's radiance is a shield of salvation.
Safe Passage①With one flap of her wings, the angel beat back the fires of war.
Safeguard①"I'm amused by wasted effort when it's not my own."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Safehold Elite①"I refuse to die-not at the hands of one such as you."
Safehold Elite①Not even death will keep her from her mission.
Safehold Sentry①"These bracers were worn by my father and by his mother before him. Boggart fangs have shattered on them. Cinder flames have withered at their touch. While I wear them, the safehold will not fall."
Safewright Quest①Elves search for sources of beauty in a nighted world. Meanwhile, the nighted world searches for the blood of elves.
Saffi Eriksdotter①In the blink of an eye, she strode from deep snow to dusty waste. From the crease of light behind her, a voice rang hollow: "Saffi, wait for me . . . ."
Sage Aven①From their mountain aeries, aven scholars see far more than the distant horizon.
Sage Owl①Some owls house the souls of archmages of ages past.
Sage Owl①The owl asks but never answers.
Sage of Epityr①Clairvoyants across Dominaria were driven mad by the overload from the widening time rifts, while other random folk gained the gift of future sight.
Sage of Fables①"There is no secret that cannot be sold."
Sage of Lat-Nam①Though it was laid to waste by the brothers, many schools of magic trace their origins to the College of Lat-Nam, including the first Tolarian Academy.
Sage of Lat-Nam①Within each device is a spark of its creator's soul. Within each sage is a lamp that awaits that spark.
Sage of Mysteries①"I see destruction, suffering, and one tormented glimmer of hope."
Sage of Shaila's Claim①Even now, Shaila's descendants proudly occupy the greenway that she refused to relinquish to the Consulate.
Sage of the Falls①Ask a merfolk even a simple question and the answer is a journey far beyond the known.
Sage of the Inward Eye①"No one petal claims beauty for the lotus."
Sage's Dousing①"Curse these merrows and their meddling! Since coming near the river, I can't so much as sneeze without being soaked."↵-Ashling the Pilgrim
Sage's Knowledge①"Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know."↵-Lao Tzu, *Tao Te Ching*↵(trans. Feng and English)
Sage's Row Denizen①"Forget what you have learned from other teachers. I bring you the truth."
Sage's Row Denizen①"I offer you wisdom untainted by false loyalty, learning free of any guild's agenda."
Sage's Row Savant①The streets of Ravnica are full of former guild members now using their institutional skills for personal gain.
Sage-Eye Harrier①These winged warriors meditate in flight, tracing mandalas in the clouds.
Sages of the Anima①Godtrackers found new pantheons of beast-gods beyond Naya's borders.
Sagittars' Volley①"My bowstring hums in tune with the song of the Worldsoul."↵-Alcarus, Selesnya sagittar
Sagu Archer①His arrows whistle like a serpent's hiss.
Sagu Mauler①The Sagu Jungle's thick undergrowth conceals even the largest predators-if they wish to remain hidden.
Saheeli's Artistry①"From the first touch, I know exactly what the metal wants to be."
Saheeli's Silverwing①"Track the source of those thopters," Saheeli told her creation. "And feel free to snack on as many as you want."
Sai of the Shinobi①The passing of the sai presages the end of the old clan and the ascent of the new.
Sai, Master Thopterist①"Industry without artistry is just a fancy way to fill the junkyard."
Saiba Trespassers①One to clear the way, another to erase their trail.
Sailmonger①Clients who cheat the sailmonger make an impact on the rest.
Sailor of Means①In the Brazen Coalition, the wheels of business are greased with plunder.
Sailor of Means①The rising tide of Orazca's plunder lifted all ships.
Sakura-Tribe Elder①He'd chosen a sunlit clearing with open skies and an ample brook. All that remained was to find a worthy sapling.
Sakura-Tribe Elder①Slain orochi warriors were buried with a tree sapling so they would become a part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Elder①Slain warriors were buried with a tree sapling, so they would become a part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Elder①There were no tombstones in orochi territory. Slain warriors were buried with a tree sapling, so they would become a part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Scout①"Scouts of the Sakura Tribe spent two years wandering the forest to learn every leaf and tree. That knowledge was called upon during the Kami War to ensure the orochi's survival."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Salivating Gremlins①If an elf can dream it, a dwarf can build it, and a gremlin can eat it.
Salt Marsh①Only death breeds in stagnant water.↵-Urborg saying
Salt Road Patrol①"Soldiers win battles, but supplies win wars."↵-Kadri, Abzan caravan master
Saltblast①Dominaria erodes with each passing gust.
Saltfield Recluse①He remembers a past of light and healing. But he lives the bitter present-parching salt, scouring wind, and the withering heat of the desert.
Saltwater Stalwart①Every attack is a test of your defenses. Every hit marks the map of your defeat.
Salvage Scout①"I'm not saying it's dangerous work. I'm just saying don't sign up if you have plans for your seventieth birthday."
Salvage Scuttler①A hermit crab goes through many shells in its lifetime, and not all are natural in origin.
Salvage Slasher①Esper artificers never imagined that one day their scraps would be pressed against their soft and fragile throats.
Salvaged Manaworker①"When weapons of war are repurposed for peaceful ends, you know society has advanced."↵-Jodah
Salvager of Ruin①"The next model should be able to achieve a rescue without self-destruction."↵-Sargis Haz, artificer
Salvager of Secrets①The greatest treasure of the deep is an echo from above.
Salvage①"What was taken shall be restored."↵-Arathel, elvish queen
Samite Alchemist①"Powders and potions are nothing compared to faith."↵-Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Samite Alchemist①"The wisest of Aysen dwell not in the Abbey, but in the laboratory."↵-Taysir
Samite Archer①"I can preserve ten lives by taking one."
Samite Blessing①Knit bone, darn flesh, Stitch skin, weave breath.↵-Samite healing ritual
Samite Censer-Bearer①Samite alchemists extracted aromatic traces of healing minerals from the residue of the receding salt dunes.
Samite Healer①Healers ultimately acquire the divine gifts of spiritual and physical wholeness. The most devout are also granted the ability to pass physical wholeness on to others.
Samite Healer①Why does a Samite heal? You might as well ask why a bird flies.
Samite Herbalist①"Spiritual wholeness is not something you can give to yourself: it is attained only through the divine blessing of healing another."
Samite Sanctuary①Our war is against suffering, not against those who cause it.↵-Samite creed
Samurai Enforcers①From the moment they swore their oaths, they belonged to their lord, sword and soul.
Samut's Sprint①Samut's war was intensely personal. Every hour she faced enemies she once loved as friends and horrors she once revered as gods.
Samut, Voice of Dissent①"I'll fight no more just for the honor of dying. The afterlife will have to wait."
Sanctified Charge①You need only raise your spear to receive this blessing.
Sanctify①"Olivia Voldaren has faith only in herself. We answer to a higher calling."↵-Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
Sanctimony①"The peasants labor for my profit. I approve."
Sanctimony①"To forgive our enemies is to forgive ourselves."
Sanctuary Cat①Cats prowl the corridors of Avacyn's churches in search of devils or signs of their mischief.
Sanctuary Lockdown①"Drannith gives no quarter to traitors."↵-General Kudro
Sanctuary Raptor①The song of the Worldsoul can take on life in the most unlikely places.
Sanctum Custodian①Serra told them to guard Urza as he healed. Five years they stood.
Sanctum Gargoyle①As their supplies of etherium dwindled, mechanists sent gargoyles farther and farther afield in search of salvage.
Sanctum Guardian①"Protect our mother in her womb."
Sanctum Prelate①"These halls are sacred. You *will* be silent."
Sanctum Prelate①"These halls are sacred. You will be silent."
Sanctum Prelate①"This area is off-limits to you."
Sanctum Prelate①*Whispered Memories*, by Johannes Voss
Sanctum Seeker①The Sanctum Seekers were the first of the knightly orders to cross the sea and are still the most zealous.
Sanctum Spirit①"When history becomes too mournful, even good souls may choose to forget."↵-Shalai, voice of Plenty
Sanctum Weaver①The arrival of spring's first flowers is a sacred occasion to Karametra's acolytes, who fill the Setessan woods with song in celebration.
Sanctum of Calm Waters①Truth lurks in the depths,↵Invisible from the shore.↵Knowledge inundates.
Sanctum of Eternity①Come and rest here, beyond the constraints of space and time.
Sanctum of Fruitful Harvest①Beneath bright blossoms↵Verdant with spring's rich bounty,↵The soul blooms in song.
Sanctum of Shattered Heights①Rage smolders within,↵An all-consuming wildfire↵Burning fear to ash
Sanctum of Stone Fangs①Renounce all limits,↵False chains binding potential.↵Power knows no bounds.
Sanctum of Tranquil Light①An untroubled mind↵Dwells in perfect harmony↵With a peaceful heart.
Sanctum of the Sun①As soon as Jace laid eyes on the great sphinx's chamber, the shards of memory began sliding into place.
Sand Augury①"I see the far side of tomorrow and the lost memories of queens. What do you wish to learn?"
Sand Strangler①The bombardment of sand disorients, chokes, and ultimately tenderizes its prey.
Sandbar Crocodile①"We've run aground sandbars before, but today, a sandbar ran aground us."↵-Kipkemboi, Kukemssa pirate
Sandbar Merfolk①You are not prey until a predator knows of your existence.
Sandbar Serpent①Treacherous and unpredictable currents around Tolaria earned the nickname "serpent wakes."
Sandblast①In the Shifting Wastes, more are killed by sand than by steel.
Sandblast①The sands of Amonkhet can be as much a boon as a bane. It depends entirely on which way the wind blows.
Sandcrafter Mage①With heat, sand can form a delicate work of art; with pressure, an impenetrable bulwark.
Sands of Delirium①It counts down your last few moments of sanity.
Sands of Time①"But once, with a magician's help, Time was stopped and Day stood still."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Sandskin①"Those who live by the sword will die by the sword. I choose to do neither."
Sandsower①It drifts through the streets as a breeze of collective sighs, wilting the bustle with dreams and heavy eyelids.
Sandsteppe Citadel①That which endures, survives.
Sandsteppe Mastodon①A mastodon's path always leads to an oasis.
Sandsteppe Scavenger①"Sad what passes for a dragon among the Silumgar."
Sandstone Deadfall①"Two or three tons of rock can really get you down-and keep you there."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Sandstone Warrior①"I used to describe something stable as 'rock solid.' So much for *that* expression."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Sandstone Warrior①"I used to describe something stable as 'rock solid.' So much for that expression."↵-Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Sandstorm Charger①"May our foes choke upon its horns!"↵-Urdnan, Dromoka warrior
Sandstorm①Better to fight the sand for a few hours than to sleep beneath it forever.↵-Suq'Ata truism
Sandstorm①Even the landscape turned against Sarsour, first rising up and pelting him, then rearranging itself so he could no longer find his way.
Sandwurm Convergence①Cantankerous and territorial, sandwurms claim even the skies above their dunes.
Sangrite Backlash①"Sangrite is the dragon's beating heart. Little wonder, then, that so many fools' chests burst trying to contain it."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Sangrite Surge①Some believe the spiky crystal called sangrite is concentrated dragon's breath. Others think it's crystallized life energy. The clans care only about the power it unleashes when crushed.
Sangrophage①The living is all it eats.
Sanguinary Mage①New cults rising in Nephalia have found allies in the Stromkirk bloodline, whose progenitor worships ancient and terrible forces.
Sanguinary Priest①"Embrace the strength of your Primarch, but deny the Red Thirst, brothers! There is no return from that darkest of paths."
Sanguine Bond①"Blood is constant. Every drop I drink, someone must bleed."↵-Vradeen, vampire nocturnus
Sanguine Glorifier①For the Legion of Dusk, the Immortal Sun is a source of eternal life. When they reclaim it, they will no longer be forced to subsist on the blood of the wicked.
Sanguine Guard①"Father of Machines! Your filigree gaze carves us, and the scars dance upon our grateful flesh."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Sanguine Indulgence①"Drink from the vein? How provincial."↵-Lord Duchorvin
Sanguine Praetor①"Our fealty to guilds dooms us. The old gods shall resurface. Our skins will wave upon the guild-masts over emptied streets, and our bones will clatter in the wind."↵-Ilromov, traveling storyteller
Sanguine Sacrament①"As the sun sets to make way for dawn, so we turn to darkness to bring about the coming salvation."
Sanguine Sipper①The midway offers every flavor under the sun, even to guests who need to stay out of it.
Sanitarium Skeleton①His mind was lost long before his flesh.
Sanity Gnawers①The last thought to go through their victim's mind is the one they tear out through the scalp.
Sapling of Colfenor①Her plans may yet bear fruit.
Sapphire Drake①Sapphire drakes can communicate over great distances, their calls resonating in the gems fixed in their skulls.
Sapphire Leech①"The subject's wings are clearly vestigial. We suspect the gems somehow keep it aloft."↵-Tolarian research notes
Saprazzan Heir①Within the walls of the floating city, Saprazzan wealth is like Saprazzan water: abundant, free-flowing, and accessible to all.
Saprazzan Outrigger①The Saprazzans excel at both tactics: hit *and* run.
Saprazzan Raider①Some quick dagger work and then back to the sea-that's the Saprazzan way.
Saproling Infestation①"My army took centuries to gather," remarked Urza. "Yavimaya seems to conjure hers out of thin air."
Saproling Migration①Thallids herd saprolings from place to place in search of detritus to feed them.
Sarcomite Myr①"A horrible sight, yes, but the sounds . . . Its twanging tendons and grinding gears are almost musical."↵-Brudiclad, Telchor engineer
Sarkhan's Catharsis①"You once brought havoc to my home and ruined my mind. I'm here to return the favor, Bolas."
Sarkhan's Dragonfire①"I am most myself when I am least human."
Sarkhan's Rage①The people of Tarkir speak of an ancient legend, of the dragon-man called Sarkhan who was greatest of all khans.
Sarkhan's Triumph①Sarkhan gazed on the world around him, the dragons sweeping through its skies, and joy kindled like a fire in his soul.
Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII①The past still lives within its pages, waiting for its time to come again.
Saruli Caretaker①"I hold the seed of our new beginning."
Saruli Gatekeepers①In Ravnica's wilder districts, nature still stirs, and its protectors still mind their posts.
Satyr Enchanter①"The threads of magic that protect this place were woven by my will."
Satyr Firedancer①His heart, the coal; his eye, the spark; his hand, the whirling flame.
Satyr Grovedancer①"Some of my kin dance for themselves, without greater purpose. Nylea gives me purpose, and with it strength."
Satyr Hedonist①"Any festival you can walk away from wasn't worth attending in the first place."
Satyr Hoplite①"Xenagos has become what he once despised: a tyrant and an oppressor."
Satyr Piper①"When I asked my commander the reward for killing that prancing nuisance, he told me, 'None! I want to kill him myself!'"↵-Phrogas, soldier of Akros
Satyr Rambler①A satyr is bound by nothing-not home, not family, not loyalty.
Satyr Wayfinder①The first satyr to wake after a revel must search for the site of the next one.
Satyr's Cunning①It's hard to keep a satyr down, even in the Underworld.
Sauroform Hybrid①"Within each of us, the potential for great power waits to be released."↵-Zija, Simic mutationist
Sautekh Immortal①"Nothing clears a battlefield like a Deathstrike missile. Wait. Is something moving out there?"↵-Commmander Zander At'lan, Tallarn 115th Armoured Regiment
Saute①"Selecting the proper beeble is the key to a good saute. The pinker the fur and the heartier the yelp, the more succulent the beeble will be when you pop it in your mouth."↵-Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, *The Underworld Cookbook*
Savaen Elves①"Purity of magic can only come from purity of the land. How can a meal nourish if the ingredients are spoiled?" -Sidaine of Savaen
Savage Conception①Some beasts are born not of a mother, but of magic.
Savage Gorger①"I have no patience for sipping blood from crystal goblets. I want to bite and tear."
Savage Gorilla①These omnivorous gorillas have no qualms about a diet composed of equal parts fruit and Phyrexians.
Savage Lands①Jund is a world as cruel as those who call it home. Their brutal struggles scar the land even as it carves them in its image, a vicious circle spiraling out of control.
Savage Packmate①Her claws are another matter.
Savage Silhouette①Some elves believe that their survival instincts are born of many cycles of reincarnation.
Savage Smash①A Gruul berserker is never unarmed.
Savage Surge①"I thought its back was turned!"↵"A centaur has two backs!"
Savage Surge①Gruul warriors never need to be stirred to battle. They need only to be shown where the battle is.
Savage Swipe①Nine generations of metalworking skill are no match for nine hundred pounds of rage.
Savage Twister①"Frozen, we watched the funnel pluck up three of the goats-pook! pook! pook!-before we ran for the wadi."↵-*Travelogue of Najat*
Savage Twister①"Nature is the ultimate mindless destroyer, capable of power and ferocity no army can match, and the Gruul follow its example."↵-Trigori, Azorius senator
Savai Crystal①The same crystals that root deep enough to pierce Savai's catacombs also soar high enough to change its weather.
Savai Sabertooth①The giant tigers of Savai prefer to hunt at daybreak, when the crystals' warning glow is masked by the light of dawn.
Savai Thundermane①A crackling roar is the last sound many hunters hear.
Savai Triome①Broad prairies feed the human sanctuary of Drannith and conceal a network of caverns where giant cats make their dens.
Savannah Lions①"One alone is fearsome; one among many is unstoppable."↵-Benalish proverb
Savannah Lions①Even the brave are scared by a lion three times: first by its tracks, again by its roar, and one last time face to face.↵-Somali proverb
Savannah Lions①The traditional kings of the jungle command a healthy respect in other climates as well. Relying mainly on their stealth and speed, Savannah Lions can take a victim by surprise, even in the endless flat plains of their homeland.
Savannah Lions①The traditional kings of the jungle command a healthy respect in other climates as well. Relying mainly on their stealth and speed, Savannah Lions can take a victim by surprise, even in the endless, flat plains of their homeland.
Savannah Sage①"Now is not the time for your light to fade."
Savannah①2017 North American Legacy Champion
Save Life①Who consistently managed to win.
Saving Grasp①Nothing's more valuable than perfect timing.
Savor the Moment①"I do."
Savor the Moment①The merrow took a moment for herself. She never gave it back.
Savra, Queen of the Golgari①"Nature's most raw beauty is the circle: perfect in its continuance, with no break between death and life."
Savvy Hunter①None of the other villagers dare venture into the wilds, so she feeds the whole hamlet herself.
Saw It Coming①"How predictable."
Saw in Half①The audience always loves it, but volunteers are divided.
Sawtooth Ogre①"You will sharpen your teeth on my enemies' bones," Maraxus promised them, and his ogres cheered.
Scab-Clan Charger①"The only roads I wish to see are those beaten flat by wild hooves."
Scab-Clan Giant①For the Gruul, bone-crushing rage is the first priority. Accuracy comes in a distant ninetieth.
Scab-Clan Mauler①They inflict pain to forget their own and break foes to feel whole.
Scalding Cauldron①"It's a witch's trick, this cauldron full of pain. I wouldn't dump it on any but the wicked."
Scalding Devil①Demons massacre. Devils annoy.
Scalding Tongs①"This has nothing to do with what you know and everything to do with what I wish."↵-Volrath
Scaldkin①The Temur believe that scaldkin are born when eruptions melt the frozen whispers of sleeping ancestors.
Scald①"Shiv may be surrounded by water, but the mountains go far deeper."↵-Fire Eye, viashino bey
Scale Blessing①"Your bravery honors us all."↵-Dromoka, translated from Draconic
Scale Deflection①A serpent's cruelty, a dragon's appetite.
Scale the Heights①"Ever onward, ever skyward."
Scalebane's Elite①"With Rashida's blades, my guiding vision and the luck of the blessed, today we will free Mangara!"↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Scaled Behemoth①Surviving an encounter with it is proof enough that an initiate is ready for the Trial of Strength.
Scaled Herbalist①"I could help you, or I could eat you for lunch. I haven't decided yet."
Scaled Hulk①"Say, what rhymes with 'run for your lives'?"↵-Ku-Ku, akki poet
Scaled Nurturer①"Life always starts small. Only time will tell what heights it may reach."
Scaled Wurm①"Flourishing during the Ice Age, these Wurms were the bane of all Kjeldorans. Their great size and ferocity made them the subject of countless nightmares-they embodied the worst of the Ice Age."↵-*Kjeldor: Ice Civilization*
Scaled Wurm①"Flourishing during the Ice Age, these wurms were the bane of all Kjeldorans. Their great size and ferocity made them the subject of countless nightmares-they embodied the worst of the Ice Age."↵-*Kjeldor: Ice Civilization*
Scaled Wurm①The wurms become so big, a single scale can be used as a roof for a human dwelling.
Scalelord Reckoner①The justice of dragons demands more than just an eye for an eye.
Scampering Scorcher①"Keep your flammables out of reach."↵-Kerin, watch sergeant
Scandalmonger①Silence costs extra. Breaking it costs extra still.
Scapegoat①"Enjoy your deception, Vuel," Gerrard said as Volrath's features melted from the dead shapeshifter. "I'll count this one as practice."
Scapeshift①"Changes far greater than the turning of the leaves await us at season's end."↵-Colfenor, the Last Yew
Scapeshift①"Whether we like it or not, our arrival has altered the landscape."↵-Malcolm, navigator of the *Belligerent*
Scarab Feast①"The face of mediocrity is wrapped in anointed linen. Aspire to a better end."↵-Epnokep, vizier of Bontu
Scarblade Elite①"Rejoice, eyeblight. In your last hours above the earth, those who bury you will finally make you beautiful."
Scare Tactics①"Fear rules those weak enough to accept it."↵-Greven *il*-Vec
Scarecrone①Her poppets bring joy to the truly depraved.
Scarecrow①There was more malice in its button eyes than should have been possible in something that had never known life.
Scared Stiff①The horrors of Sorin's Haunted Mansion scared Hurrk half to life.
Scaretiller①Fields of battle turn to fields of grain.
Scarland Thrinax①"There is only one way of life in Jund: feed on the weak until you are cut down by something stronger."↵-Jorshu of Clan Nel Toth
Scarred Puma①It's not eager to lose the *other* eye.
Scarred Vinebreeder①For disfigured elves, there are few choices beyond death or nettlevine.
Scarscale Ritual①Some words are too important to trust to something as fragile as memory.
Scarwood Goblins①Larger and more cunning than most Goblins, Scarwood Goblins are thankfully found only in isolated pockets.
Scarwood Treefolk①To treefolk's sense of time, ages pass as hours. They stood as witnesses to the apocalypse, the years of which they saw as one cacophonous, ultra-destructive moment.
Scar①"What is a scar? A sign of courage in the face of danger? A mere trick of flesh? Or a constant reminder of agonizing pain, and the follies of war."↵-Illulia of Nighthearth
Scathe Zombies①"They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, Nor Spake, nor moved their eyes; It had been strange, even in a dream, To have seen those dead men rise."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies①"They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, Nor spake, nor moved their eyes; It had been strange, even in a dream, To have seen those dead men rise."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies①"They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, Nor spake, nor moved their eyes; It had been strange, even in a dream, To have seen those dead men rise."↵-Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies①"They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose,/ Nor spake, nor moved their eyes;/ It had been strange, even in a dream,/ To have seen those dead men rise."/ -Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies①"They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose,/ Nor spake, nor moved their eyes;/ It had been strange, even in a dream,/ To have seen those dead men rise."/↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies①"They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose,↵Nor spake, nor moved their eyes;↵It had been strange, even in a dream,↵To have seen those dead men rise."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies①Luckily for them, it doesn't take much brains to slaughter and maim.
Scatter Arc①"Should your chosen emissary be able to fluctuate triharmonic pentodes, however unlikely, I shall shunt excess negavolt radicals."
Scatter the Seeds①From the seeds of faith, great forests grow.
Scattered Thoughts①Stitchers delegate the most important tasks to assistants with a good eye for detail.
Scattershot Archer①To train her elves for war, Mayael would drop a sackful of acorns from the tree canopy. Each archer tried to split as many as possible before the acorns hit the forest floor below.
Scavenged Weaponry①"The Phyrexians have progressed," admired Urza. "Their parts are interchangeable."
Scavenger Drake①Dragons consider drakes to be mockeries of their perfection, destroying them on sight.
Scavenger Folk①"One piece? Now there's a hundred!"
Scavenger Folk①"Stoop, pick, turn, toss. This is the way we mourn our loss."↵-Scavenger dirge
Scavenger Folk①String, weapons, wax, or jewels-it makes no difference. Leave nothing unguarded in Scarwood.
Scavenger Grounds①When the last scrap of flesh is scoured away, the Curse of Wandering ends. Then the dead may sleep.
Scavenging Harpy①Desecrating the dead is a convenient way for harpies to expand their foul collections.
Scavenging Ooze①In nature, not a single bone or scrap of flesh goes to waste.
Scavenging Ooze①Some days, it just feels like trash. Other days, it could really go for some people.
Scavenging Scarab①The beetles feed not on the flesh of corpses but on the metal, grinding out the iron and steel to add to their own bulky shells.
Scepter of Dominance①"Whether or not you will bow to me is not open to debate. The question is, will I ever let you rise?"↵-Fridius, telemin master
Scepter of Empires①"With this scepter, smite your enemies."↵-Scepter inscription
Scepter of Fugue①One goes to Tidehollow either to forget or to be forgotten. Either way, the scullers will oblige.
Scepter of Insight①"The road to truth has many branches, and so must the cane with which I walk it."↵-Voln the Elder
Sceptre of Eternal Glory①It burns with the very fire that doomed Szarekh's species, and channels it to devastate his foes.
Scheming Symmetry①"One for you, one for me. What could be more fair?"↵-Kethis, the Hidden Hand
Schismotivate①"I ran the experiment through the brain of a schizophrenic lab-goblin. My burners' flames fell asleep while the beakers jumped about and shattered. Success!"↵-Myznar, Izzet psychomancer
Scholar of Athreos①She asks pointed questions of the dead who wait for Athreos, learning of life from those who are about to leave it.
Scholar of Stars①"The path of the stars is as reliable as the instruments that measure them."
Scholar of the Ages①"I study the past to find hope for the future."
School of Piranha①Some schools aren't worth getting into.
School of the Unseen①After the terrible retribution visited upon Lat-Nam, this school of mages chose to hide from the eyes of the world.
Scion of Glaciers①"There is nothing so free as the spring river born of winter's ice."↵-Nitula, the Hunt Caller
Scion of Halaster①Most see the Mad Mage as a deranged menace, but you recognize the genius behind his paranoia
Scion of Halaster①Most see the Mad Mage as a deranged menace, but you recognize the genius behind his paranoia.
Scion of Ugin①For hundreds of years Ugin slept, encased in the cocoon of stone and magic Sarkhan had created using a shard of a Zendikari hedron. As Ugin lay dormant, his spectral guardians kept vigil.
Scion of the Swarm①Vampires are now masters of their own fates, commanders of their own legions.
Scion of the Ur-Dragon①"I am the blood of the ur-dragon, coursing through all dragonkind."
Scion of the Wild①It has a hundred thousand extinctions to avenge.
Scissors Lizard①Nothing beats the lizard's shear power.
Scooch①"What? No, that's ridiculous! Of course the rat doesn't work for the park. I've never seen it before in my life!"↵-Monoxa, midway manager
Scorch Rider①"Lava flows where it pleases. I'm just happy to be along for the ride!"
Scorch Spitter①"Yes, she can be a nuisance. But at least my tea never gets cold."↵-Marlan Farthwald, innkeeper
Scorch the Fields①"Your fields will turn as black as a ghoul's tongue and fire shall be your only harvest."↵-Minaldra, the Vizag Atum
Scorched Earth①"Fire cleanses as well as destroys; that is the nature of change."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Scorched Rusalka①Each small blaze she sets jogs her memory, letting her piece together the mystery of her own fiery end.
Scorching Dragonfire①As the blaze raced toward her, Syr Ameril closed her eyes and pictured Castle Ardenvale so her last thoughts would be of home.
Scorching Dragonfire①As the blaze raced towards her, Syr Ameril closed her eyes and pictured Castle Ardenvale so her last thoughts would be of home.
Scorching Spear①Lift your spear as you might lift your glass, and toast your enemy.
Scorchmark①"Have you seen your face? Trust me, this will be an improvement."
Scorchwalker①"Borborygmos's elemental launched an assault, but the Izzet wards held and experiments continue."↵-Skyknight report on the Rubblebelt
Scoria Cat①Like a volcano, it too can erupt without warning.
Scoria Elemental①A single molten cord links it to the subterranean furnaces, drawing heat and metal from beneath Kuldotha. Until that bond is cut, it carves a swath of raw destruction.
Scoria Wurm①Late at night, ululations echo from deep under Shiv, as the wurms sing of times older than humanity.
Scorn Effigy①It remembers every wound it has seen or suffered-and nothing else.
Scorned Villager①"My village's fear drove me into the wild . . ."
Scornful Aether-Lich①"With no flesh, there is no pain, no hesitation, no emotion of any kind. He is crafted perfection."↵-Tezzeret
Scornful Egotist①"Once I was human. Now I am far more."
Scour All Possibilities①Searching the future for answers often leads to further questions.
Scour from Existence①"Our people and our very lands disappear as if they never were. We no longer fight for glory, or honor. We battle now for the right to exist."↵-General Tazri, allied commander
Scour the Desert①Even in the most barren wastelands, every death feeds more life.
Scour the Laboratory①"The answer's in here somewhere!"
Scoured Barrens①The weapons deployed to drive the Traitor Legions into the Eye of Terror were so destructive that some planets still have not recovered.
Scourge Servant①"The union of the oil and necrogen has produced many pleasing reactions."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Scourge of Geier Reach①Stensian villagers mourned the loss of human life. Thraben vampire slayers mourned the loss of living wood.
Scourge of Kher Ridges①Doom casts its own flickering shadow.
Scourge of Nel Toth①"May all the cairns of Jund be toppled."↵-Meren of Clan Nel Toth
Scourge of Numai①"Where a once-proud human city stood, only the ruins of Numai remain, deep amid rotting bamboo and plagued by oni."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Scourgemark①To members of the cult of Erebos, gold-infused tattoos symbolize the inevitable grasp of the god of death.
Scourglass①"Soon I will sleep, eyes closing to a world tarnished with flesh, and then wake to a polished vision."↵-Sharuum
Scouring Sands①When Purphoros cleans the ashes from his forge, entire cities vanish.
Scout the Borders①"I am in my element: the element of surprise."↵-Mogai, Sultai scout
Scout's Warning①"There is no tactic I enjoy more than ambushing the ambushers."
Scouting Trek①"I have chosen my path. Who will walk it with me?"↵-Eladamri
Scout①Judging by these very obvious footprints, he probably went... that way
Scrabbling Claws①Feed it steel. Feed it gold. Feed it bone. In the belly of the furnace, the flames know no difference.
Scragnoth①It possesses no intelligence, only counter-intelligence.
Scrambleverse①Sometimes a little chaos is in order.
Scrap Mastery①"Where a lesser mind sees junk, I see infinite potential."
Scrap Welder①"This big metal guy will make some amazing wind chimes!"
Scrapbasket①Once a tool of kithkin farmers, scarecrows of all shapes now skitter and lurch across Shadowmoor, animated by residual rustic magics.
Scrapdiver Serpent①Smart artificers clean up after themselves.
Scrapheap Scrounger①Some machines refuse to accept their own obsolescence.
Scrapheap①Junk heaps have rats, but scrapheaps have goblins.
Scrapskin Drake①"The cathars killed my skaabs down below. Let's see how high their swords can reach."↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Scrapyard Mongrel①Trespassers are welcome to try.
Scrapyard Salvo①"Squealstokers! Build me a glorious pile of Mirran metal. Then add yourselves to the pile."↵-Furnace boss, sector 11
Scrapyard Steelbreaker①"You've got about three seconds to get out of here before you get a faceful of metal."
Screamer-Killer①Its shriek is unintelligible, but armored bulkheads seem to understand the intent well enough.
Screaming Fury①He's got an axe to grind.
Screaming Shield①Shhh . . .
Screamreach Brawler①"My dragonlord's lightning will dance upon your bones!"
Screams from Within①There's no escaping an enemy that lives inside your head.
Screams of the Damned①It's important to face your inner demons . . . unless they're the kind of demons that can kill you.
Screeching Bat①The bat has such clarity of hearing that simple sounds become symphonies.
Screeching Buzzard①"A shrill creature that delights in the misery of others-what's not to love?"↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Screeching Griffin①They were master fishers, but their seas are now the streets and their catch, the goblins that run pell-mell from the screeching in the sky.
Screeching Harpy①"They are called 'fowl' for a reason."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Screeching Harpy①"They are called 'fowl' for a reason."↵-Mirri of the Weatherlight
Screeching Phoenix①Its wings are a heavenly inferno that sets the world ablaze.
Screeching Silcaw①It's adaptively deaf to its own cries.
Screeching Skaab①Its screeching is the sound of you losing your mind.
Screeching Sliver①"What wears down my people most, I think, is not the danger, but the endless screeching outside our camp."↵-Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Scribe of the Mindful①"The best answers solve more than one riddle."↵-Kefnet, god of knowledge
Scrivener①"History is a potent weapon."↵-Karn, silver golem
Scrivener①A good memory is no match for a good scribe.
Scroll Thief①I've learned how to disable wards, pick locks, and decode the Agaran language-all before even reading the scroll!
Scroll Thief①Kapsho merfolk have infiltrated fortresses as remote as the desert citadel in Sunari in their relentless quest for arcane knowledge.
Scroll Thief①The arcane academies along the coast were powerless to protect themselves from the brazen raiders of the Kapsho Seas.
Scroll of Avacyn①Words to bless the eye that reads them, telling of a future beyond the reach of fear.
Scroll of Fate①"Our stories define our reality."↵-Ugin
Scroll of Griselbrand①Words no eyes should see, telling of things no sane mind could fathom.
Scroll of Origins①The words from which language sprang, the knowledge from which thought was born, the story from which history was woven.
Scrounger of Souls①Yell for help, and that may answer.
Scrounge①When leonin settlers abandon their homes to the nim, items of value are often left behind.
Scrounging Bandar①"It was right here a second ago . . ."
Scrubland①2018 Europe Legacy Champion
Scryb Sprites①The only sound was the gentle clicking of the Faeries' wings. Then those intruders who were still standing turned and fled. One thing was certain: they didn't think the Scryb were very funny anymore.
Scryb Sprites①The only sound was the gentle clicking of the faeries' wings. Then those intruders who were still standing turned and fled. One thing was certain: they didn't think the Scryb were very funny anymore.
Scryb Sprites①The only sound was the gentle clicking of the faeries' wings. Then those intruders who were still standing turned and fled. One thing was certain: they didn't think the scryb were very funny anymore.
Sculpted Sunburst①A searing light that spares only the chosen.
Sculpting Steel①An artificer once dropped one in a vault full of coins. She has yet to find it.
Sculpting Steel①Necrodermis, the living metal from which all Necrons are made, is endlessly adaptive.
Sculpting Steel①Perfected by the kinetic sculptor Shanti Makam, these self-assembling metal strands can be coaxed into any shape imaginable.
Sculptor of Winter①"I and my kin remember the old ways. The frost whispers to me in a language too ancient for the Skoti usurpers to comprehend."
Scurrid Colony①Scurrid teeth evolved to crack open nuts, but they work just as well for crushing bones if the nest is threatened.
Scute Mob①"Survival rule 781: There are always more scute bugs."↵-Zurdi, goblin shortcutter
Scute Swarm①"Survival rule 782: There are *always* more scute bugs."↵-Zurdi, goblin shortcutter
Scuttlemutt①Built to shuttle goods from the river, it took off one day carrying a cauldron of dyes.
Scuttlemutt①With five lenses on its "head," it sees the world in a range of colors beyond ordinary perception.
Scuttletide①"We're going to need more butter."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Scuttling Butler①Porter, cleaner, and bouncer all in one.
Scuttling Doom Engine①A masterwork of spite, inspired by madness.
Scuttling Sliver①A living fossil active after eons of dormancy.
Scuzzback Scrapper①The Scuzzback gang scavenges rusty armor covered in barbed protrusions. No threat is more effective than the threat of infection.
Scythe Leopard①Eldrazi are not the leopard's preferred prey, but they are better than no prey at all.
Scythe Tiger①Instead of adapting to its environment, it adapts its environment to itself.
Sea Drake①Highly territorial, they often attack boats whose colors too closely resemble those of other drakes.
Sea Eagle①Where air meets water, fish meets talon.
Sea Gate Banneret①The Sea Gate Expeditionary House was founded after the discovery of the Skyclave over Tazeem. Now its banners fly over every corner of Zendikar.
Sea Gate Colossus①"When you are battered and exhausted, look up and be inspired by its resolve."↵-Tazri
Sea Gate Loremaster①"He's a living library. He remembers everything our band of explorers has seen, and we can use that to our advantage."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Sea Gate Oracle①"The secret entrance should be near."
Sea Gate Restoration①"We have much to remember ... and much we can never forget."↵-Tazri
Sea Gate Wreckage①Once a center for knowledge, Sea Gate now serves as a reminder of what was lost.
Sea Gate, Reborn①"We carry on the legacy of those who defended our world by continuing to unearth its secrets."↵-Tazri
Sea Gate①An efficient route from a smuggler's ship to a patriar's manor.
Sea God's Revenge①"What has neither mouth nor throat, yet swallows captain, crew, and boat?"↵-Sphinx's riddle
Sea God's Scorn①Instead of performing their daily devotions, Heliod's acolytes spent the morning picking strands of kelp off the altar.
Sea Legs①"When the waves pick up, either you find your feet or you lose your lunch."
Sea Monster①"Abandon ship!"
Sea Monster①It's easy to believe the monster is a myth-until you feel three hundred thousand pounds of myth crashing down on your ship.
Sea Monster①Water is life. Or perhaps it is just something to wash it down with.
Sea Serpent①Legend has it that Serpents used to be bigger, but how could that be?
Sea Serpent①Legend has it that serpents used to be bigger, but how could that be?
Sea Snidd①It always has the home-turf advantage.
Sea Spirit①"It rose above our heads, above the ship, and still higher yet. No foggy, ice-laden sea in the world could frighten me more."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Sea Sprite①"No one can catch what won't be caught."↵-Kakra, Sea Troll
Sea Sprite①"No one can catch what won't be caught."↵-Kakra, sea troll
Sea Troll①"I've seen those Trolls devour a drowning sailor faster than his lungs could fill with water."↵-Zeki, Reef Pirate
Sea of Clouds①A shoreless sea extends to every horizon, sharing its beauty only with those who can fly high enough to see it.
Sea of Clouds①Skybridges from across Kylem converge at the grand stadium of Valor's Reach.
Sea's Claim①"My vengeance will drown my enemies as my storms drown the desert."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Sea's Claim①"Who's the crazy one now!?"↵-Torgle, mountaintop boatmaker
Seachrome Coast①Where the Quicksilver Sea laps over the Razor Fields, the landscape reflects the suns' fading hope.
Seacoast Drake①Seacoast drakes have been known to follow ships for hundreds of miles, waiting to snap up garbage, bait, and the occasional sailor.
Seafloor Oracle①Where the light falls dim and blue on broken ships, secrets lie unclaimed.
Seafloor Stalker①"Sunken ruins? My specialty."
Seagraf Skaab①"Your recent work is an inspiration. I have the utmost respect for your approach, and your craft is impeccable. At your convenience, I would be honored to collaborate on a project."↵-Ludevic, letter to Geralf
Seahunter①"They can't feel pain. They just wiggle 'cause they're scared."
Seal Away①An ancient nemesis rendered harmless long ago.
Seal of Cleansing①"Find the dens of evil and flood them with light."↵-Hulo, the Penitent Wanderer
Seal of Cleansing①"I am the purifier, the light that clears all shadows."↵-Seal inscription
Seal of Doom①"A basilisk's gaze is effective, but disposing of physical remains is a tiresome task. It's far more discreet to dissolve one's victim entirely."↵-Szadek
Seal of Doom①"A basilisk's gaze is effective, but disposing of physical remains is a tiresome task. It's far more discrete to dissolve one's victim entirely."↵-Szadek
Seal of Doom①"I am the banisher, the ill will that snuffs the final candle."↵-Seal inscription
Seal of Fire①"I am the romancer, the passion that consumes the flesh."↵-Seal inscription
Seal of Fire①"If it breathes, it will burn."↵-Rakdos pyromancers' creed
Seal of Fire①After the fourth time Chandra left a place engulfed in flames, she decided to just go ahead and make it her thing.
Seal of Primordium①"I am the simplifier, the root that drags all artifice to earth."↵-Seal inscription
Seal of Removal①"I am the unraveler, the loosened thread that will not hold."↵-Seal inscription
Seal of Strength①"I am the feeder, the morsel that revives the starving."↵-Seal inscription
Seal of Strength①When does majestic become ominous?
Seal of the Guildpact①"I'd rather see the guilds contend together with words in the halls of power, than in the streets with swords."↵-Jace Beleren
Sealed Fate①It's good to know more about your enemy's fate than your enemy does.
Search Party Captain①"Werewolves leave messy trails. Easy to follow. Hard to forget."
Search Warrant①"And would you care to explain why your satchel is radiating an aura of unstable energy?"
Search for Azcanta①The Sunken Ruin houses all the learning of a long-forgotten age.
Search for Survivors①There's no rest for a Keldon.
Search the Premises①"To halt these lurid practices, Geralf must be found and made an example of."↵-Inquisitor Delmund
Search the Premises①Mood: Determined to find evidence of wrongdoing.
Searchlight Companion①The merging of the spirit and material realms has resulted in some unusual friendships.
Searchlight Geist①It rises with the fall of darkness, seeking souls to extinguish.
Searing Barrage①It emerged from the coldest depths of Lochmere only to face the fires of Irencrag.
Searing Blood①Purphoros's blessing: sometimes a boon, sometimes a bane. Always ablaze.
Searing Flesh①Zemoo found out the hard way that "inflammable" and "flammable" mean the same thing.
Searing Light①"Light can lay bare our fears. It can also make them go away."↵-Nazra of the Stone Havens
Searing Meditation①"When I meditate I see the world as it should be. All that does not fit, I remove."↵-Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Searing Rays①"This is a battle of pawns, for the highest stakes imaginable."↵-Urza
Searing Spear Askari①When the other soldiers of Zhalfir fall, the askaris will yet stand.
Searing Spear①Sometimes you die a glorious death with your sword held high. Sometimes you're just target practice.
Searing Wind①"The first wind of ascension is Forger, burning away impurity."↵-*Keld Triumphant*
Searstep Pathway①"Our brave Tuskeri brethren blaze new trails, and we follow, mapping the routes of those who survive."↵-Solrun, Beskir warrior
Seascape Aerialist①"The sky is like another sea. It teems with currents, life, and endless possibility."
Seashell Cameo①"Today a seashell fell from the empty sky here in Kinymu, a hundred leagues from the sea. I'm torn-shall I carve a woman or a bird?"↵-Isel, master carver
Seaside Citadel①For wisdom's sake, it was built high to gaze on all things. For glory's sake, it was built high as a testament of power. For strength's sake, it was built high to repel all attacks.
Season of Growth①"Awake, and lift your faces to the sun."
Season of Renewal①Pavement ripped like paper as the ancient kami awoke from her long slumber beneath the city.
Season's Beatings①Arriving home, he suddenly longed for the bloodsoaked battlefields behind him.
Seasonal Ritual①"Old battlefields make great gardens. So rich from the blood of the fallen."
Seasoned Buttoneer①Everyone comments on the buttons, but few appreciate the pedals.
Seasoned Cathar①"The cathars have taught me many things, but I will never forget the hard, honest work that first callused my hands."
Seasoned Hallowblade①"I don't know that I'll win every fight. But I have faith, and that's carried me this far."
Seasoned Marshal①"We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat."↵-Queen Victoria
Seasoned Marshal①He reads the battlefield like a map, always seeking the shortest route to victory.
Seasoned Marshal①She reads the battlefield like a map, always seeking the shortest route to victory.
Seasoned Marshal①There are only two rules of tactics: never be without a plan, and never rely on it.
Seasoned Tactician①"The benefits of peace far outweigh the pride of Generals."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Seasons Past①The seeds of new life take root in the soil of old.
Seat of the Synod①Lumengrid, site of the Knowledge Pool, source of vedalken arcana.
Secluded Glen①Protected by glamers and guile, Glen Elendra harbors the elusive Oona, queen of the fae.
Second Chance①The greatest gift is the opportunity to right one's wrongs.
Second Guess①"I see where you're going with that. I don't like it."↵-Dierk, geistmage
Second Harvest①"The cornfields promise a good yield this season."↵-Radwick, farmer of Gatstaf
Second Sunrise①The bright tunnel sometimes leads back to life.
Second Thoughts①It suddenly dawned on Jorin that farming was quite a noble profession.
Second Wind①Vindr stormchasers believe that the same ancient forces that move the winds can also move mortal minds and hearts.
Secret Base①"WARNING: Do not feed the rhinopus."↵-Crossbreed Labs campus advisory
Secret Base①For the Goblin Explosioneers, there's no crater like home.
Secret Base①The League of Dastardly Doom takes the word "headquarters" very seriously.
Secret Base①The Order of the Widget doesn't believe in traveling light.
Secret Base①The location of S.N.E.A.K. HQ is a closely guarded secret.
Secret Door①The way opened before him, and the dust of centuries stirred in the air.
Secret Plans①Rakshasa trade in secrets, amassing wealth from their careful revelation.
Secret Rendezvous①Strixhaven's five colleges encourage natural rivalries among the students, but some bonds transcend all barriers.
Secret Salvage①There is no shortage of illegal salvage in Ghirapur, nor of those who are willing to profit from it.
Secretkeeper①It is all the things that humanity was not meant to know.
Secrets of the Dead①"The veil between the living and the dead is so very thin that the whispers of the ancients can finally be heard."↵-Amalric of Midvast Hall
Secrets of the Golden City①Stolen knowledge can never be stolen back.
Secrets of the Key①As Sigarda and Sorin battled, Arlinn and Teferi recovered the key from the Markov catacombs.
Secure the Scene①"You know it's a great show when the Azorius arrest the props, too!"↵-Judith, the Scourge Diva
Secure the Wastes①"The Shifting Wastes provide our clan eternal protection. It is our duty to return the favor."↵-Kadri, Dromoka warrior
Security Rhox①Unlucky assassins find out why he's called "Brick Wall" Balzano.
Sedge Scorpion①Thakolides the Mighty↵Slayer of minotaurs↵Vanquisher of giants↵Killed by a scorpion↵-Inscription on an Akroan grave
Sedge Sliver①Their flesh is as sodden as the fens in which they live, oozing to fill any wound and squishing to absorb any blow.
Sedge Troll①The stench in the hovel was overpowering; something loathsome was cooking. Occasionally something surfaced in the thick paste, but my host would casually push it down before I could make out what it was.
Sedraxis Alchemist①The problem with a liquid that can dissolve anything is finding something to carry it in.
Sedris, the Traitor King①He bids his minions rise from their graves to their knees.
See Beyond①Ancient lore locked in a mind driven mad is just as safe as when it was locked deep underground.
See the Truth①"What is this that is neither future nor past?"
Seed Guardian①It is a reminder that spring will always follow winter.
Seed Spark①"If you ask me, those root-lovers value mindless dogma over progress."↵-Trivaz, Izzet mage
Seed the Land①With a sadness and a sense of hope, Senka left the colony of her birth and, with her attendants, set out to serve as broodmistress, founder of a new colony.
Seedborn Muse①"Her voice is the wilderness, savage and pure."↵-Kamahl, druid acolyte
Seedborn Muse①"Her voice is wilderness, savage and pure."↵-Kamahl, druid acolyte
Seedborn Muse①"The land echoes our intentions, and the kami echo the land. We must strive to live in harmony with the world even when it seems to rise against us."↵-Diary of Azusa
Seedcradle Witch①She whispered a prayer for strength, and her wishes wafted away like seeds on the wind.
Seedguide Ash①"May you shade three generations of seedlings."
Seeds of Innocence①"I have hidden from the machinations of Zhalfir for centuries. Why should I join *your* campaign?"↵-Jolrael
Seeds of Strength①Beneath the beauty of light and seed is the might of Vitu-Ghazi.
Seedtime①The hippo grows wings to fight the condor.↵-Nantuko teaching
Seek the Horizon①"I've seen this great land from every angle. I know its every tree, stone, and river bend. Yet I have come to realize that knowing a thing is not the same as healing it."↵-Diary of Azusa
Seek the Horizon①"The horizon is the perpetual ideal, the constant promise of hope."↵-Nissa Revane
Seek the Horizon①Raked by vertical spikes of glass and stone, Ravnica's vistas offer only a rare glimpse of the horizon.
Seek the Horizon①The Temur call the flickering lights the Path of Whispers, believing that they lead the way to ancestral knowledge.
Seek the Wilds①"In my downtime I used to paint the vistas. Now the vistas disappear faster than my downtime."
Seeker of Insight①The Trial of Knowledge challenges and broadens the minds of initiates.
Seeker of Skybreak①"We shun them not for their dream but for their refusal to let such a noble dream die a noble death."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Seeker of Skybreak①Seekers spend their lives protecting a home they rarely visit.
Seeker of Slaanesh①War is a dance. And they're looking for partners.
Seeker of the Way①"I don't know where my destiny lies, but I know it isn't here."
Seeker of the Way①Ojutai sought to rewrite history. Those who disagreed sought the truth elsewhere.
Seekers' Squire①Dusk follows the light.
Seer of the Last Tomorrow①"The truth? It's been here all along. The Hours as we understood them are lies."
Seer's Lantern①A light to bring hope in dark times.
Seer's Sundial①"The shadow travels toward the apex. I predict we will soon see the true measure of darkness."
Seething Pathblazer①"Flamekin death rites are elaborate and spectacular affairs. Their greatest fear is death in obscurity."↵-Tollek Worldwatcher, journal
Seething Song①"The purest ore is produced from the hottest furnace, and the brightest thunder-bolt is elicited from the darkest storm."↵-Charles Colton
Seething Song①If your flesh can withstand the flame, the spirit of the dragon will burn within your soul.
Seething Song①Vulshok mana rituals echo the day when the red sun burst through Mirrodin's surface to take its place in the heavens.
Segmented Krotiq①The list of things a krotiq eats is as long as the krotiq itself.
Segmented Wurm①"If only we could so easily leave behind those parts of ourselves that pain us."↵-Crovax
Segovian Angel①When Worzel summoned Segovian angels to fight Thomil's Gargantikari gnats, the ensuing battle numbered among the Multiverse's least destructive.
Segovian Leviathan①"Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook or run a line round his tongue?"↵-*The Bible*, Job 41:1
Segovian Leviathan①"Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook or run a line round his tongue?"↵-Job 40:25
Segovian Leviathan①"Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook/ or run a line round his tongue?"↵-*Job 40:25*
Seismic Assault①"In a war for survival, Dominaria itself became a weapon. The malice is gone, but the danger remains."↵-Jhoira
Seismic Assault①Earth arms itself with fire.
Seismic Assault①The flowstone seemed for a moment to assume Greven's rage-it lunged like a wild beast at the *Weatherlight*.
Seismic Elemental①"Trying to stop it would be foolish. If you feel it coming-run!"↵-Sergeant Ryda
Seismic Mage①The ground shakes when he walks. His customers shake if they're late with his fee.
Seismic Rupture①The shaman opened the earth beneath their feet, trapping the survivors within the crevices of Ayagor for Atarka to devour at her leisure.
Seismic Shift①"Shiv is a restless land. It heaves ash, bleeds lava, and scabs over in black obsidian."↵-*The First Eruption*
Seismic Shudder①"The land here seems to go out of its way to kill you."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Seismic Spike①Natural disasters in Ravnica are largely nullified by the Izzet. Unnatural disasters, on the other hand, happen all the time.
Seismic Stomp①"It is not in me to tread lightly."↵-Ryda, geomancer
Seismic Strike①"Life up here is simple. Adapt to the ways of the mountains and they will reward you. Fight them and they will end you."↵-Kezim, prodigal pyromancer
Seismic Wave①"Step carefully, Imperial. Even the earth rises against you."
Seizan, Perverter of Truth①"If you would taste the wisdom of the oni, be prepared to salt it with your blood."↵-Kiku, Night's Flower
Seize the Day①"I wish I could say it gets easier, kiddo, but I'd be lying."↵-Vander
Seize the Initiative①The time between spotting a leonin shikari and feeling its claws is just time enough to draw your last breath.
Seize the Spoils①"Grab what you want and burn the rest. Leave nothing behind."
Seizures①"Sheathe your sword, warrior, lest ye fall on it when stricken."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Sejiri Glacier①"This place offers nothing and takes everything."↵-Enwor, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Sejiri Shelter①"It blocks the windswept salt and frigid air, but the loneliness of Sejiri remains."↵-Enwor, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper①Karplusan legend told of an orc so cruel that he burned his own followers in rage-yet so revered that they rose from their pyres to serve him.
Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper①The orcs believe Sek'Kuar still lives in the Karplusan Mountains, gathering his dead army, intent on revenge.
Selective Memory①"I of all people know that memory is not a safe place to hide valuables."↵-Jace Beleren
Selective Snare①"How thoughtful of the Legion to train its soldiers to fit our spell's specifications."↵-Nefara, Dimir agent
Selenia, Dark Angel①"I am light. I am dark. I must give my life to serve; not even death can release me."
Selenia, Dark Angel①"I am light. I am dark. I must give my life to serve; not even death can release me."↵-Selenia, dark angel
Selenia①Once a guardian of Crovax's estate, Selenia was freed from her magical bindings by the wealthy noble. Instead of remaining at his side, the angel chose to venture out into the world. For reasons unknown to Crovax, Selenia now serves the evil Volrath in his home realm of Rath.
Selesnya Cluestone①"Break it if you must. The loss of one relic is nothing next to the value of enriching us all."↵-Suniel the Woodwise
Selesnya Eulogist①"Let the example of the fallen inspire us all to greater courage."
Selesnya Evangel①"The clamor of the city drowns all voices. But together we can sing a harmony that will resonate from Ravnica's tallest spires to her deepest wells."
Selesnya Guildgate①"Everyone who crosses that threshold is our most cherished friend. Everyone who crosses it again is our bitterest enemy."↵-Trostani
Selesnya Guildgate①"We leave our gardens open, so all may know wonder, but guarded, so all may know peace."↵-Emmara
Selesnya Guildgate①Enter and rejoice! The Conclave stands united, open to one and all.
Selesnya Guildgate①The Selesnya welcome all to help them heal the city's wounds. The price, however, is devotion to the guild and a selfless belief in Trostani.
Selesnya Guildgate①The Selesyna welcome all to help them heal the city's wounds. The price, however, is devotion to the guild and a selfless belief in Trostani.
Selesnya Keyrune①A mark of unity when you want one; a fierce guardian when you need one.
Selesnya Locket①"Think of the locket as a seed you bear, spreading life from Vitu-Ghazi across all of Ravnica."↵-Heruj, Selesnya hierophant
Selesnya Sagittars①"What's their strike range, you ask? Let's put it this way: sagittars aim their bows using *maps*."↵-Otak, Tin Street shopkeep
Selesnya Sentry①Ravnicans still tell tales about the Battle of Sumala where four Selesnya sentries held off an entire clan of Gruul warriors.
Selesnya Signet①The symbol of the Conclave is one of unity, with tree supporting sun and sun feeding tree.
Self-Assembler①It sees itself in all of its creations.
Self-Inflicted Wound①"Worse than watching the cruelest deed is watching it done by your own hand."↵-Baihir, Dromoka mage
Selfie Preservation①"Be sure to get the tree in the picture."
Selfless Cathar①"If I fail to offer myself, we will surely be overrun. My fate would be the same."
Selfless Glyphweaver①He offered his light to make sure no others would be dimmed.
Selfless Savior①She raised him from an orphaned pup and gave him a life of love. With his last act, he thanked her.
Selfless Spirit①"There is always more to give."
Selhoff Entomber①It knows one fundamental truth: bodies belong in graves.
Selhoff Occultist①"The mist whispers to those who know it to be more than a mundane fog."
Sell-Sword Brute①"Killing is easy. Just wrap your hand around the haft, and wrap your enemy around the blade."
Seller of Songbirds①"Lady Wren is the one merchant in Keyhole Downs who isn't running a scam."↵-Mirela, Azorius hussar
Selvala's Charge①Selvala's arrival never goes unnoticed.
Selvala, Explorer Returned①"The Lowlands refuse to suffer at the whims of the High City."
Semblance Anvil①Forged from what it forges.
Sen Triplets①They are the masters of your mind.
Senate Courier①"This Dovin Baan came from nowhere. Watch him. Read his letters. He is more than he appears."↵-Lazav
Senate Griffin①"The Senate griffins overhead used to make people think of order and safety. Not anymore."↵-Lavinia
Sengir Autocrat①"A thankless job, and a death sentence besides."↵-Eron the Relentless
Sengir Autocrat①"Evil is relative. Do sheep think any better of the shepherd?"↵-Baron Sengir
Sengir Autocrat①"The penalty for idleness is death. The penalty for disputing the penalty is death."
Sengir Bats①"In the face of every one I see the Baron."↵-Daria
Sengir Bats①"They are the eyes of the Baron, and they know your fears."↵-Ihsan's Shade
Sengir Connoisseur①"We cannot afford to let the Phyrexians win. They taste terrible."
Sengir Vampire①Empires rise and fall, but evil is eternal.
Sensation Gorger①More, more, more!
Sensor Splicer①With clarity of vision comes clarity of function.
Sensory Deprivation①They call it "stitcher's anesthesia," a spell to deaden the senses while the mad doctors begin their grisly work.
Sentinel Dispatch①"Unusual. Security also worth stealing."↵-Dack Fayden
Sentinel Sliver①Through its watchful gaze, all slivers may see.
Sentinel Spider①"Your first reaction may be to stand very still and hope she didn't see you. Trust me, she did."↵-Endril, Kalonian naturalist
Sentinel Tower①The built-in obstacles force competitors to think three moves ahead.
Sentinel of the Eternal Watch①The portcullis is superfluous.
Sentinels of Glen Elendra①Some say the valley of Glen Elendra is mythical, and that rumors of its existence are nothing but a faerie prank. Others say it is the fae's most fiercely guarded secret.
Sentry of the Underworld①When Athreos gathers the newly dead to be ferried across the Five Rivers That Ring the World, he sends skeletal griffins to fetch those who stray.
Separatist Voidmage①"As long as each side thinks it can win, the balance holds, and the mage-rings stand."↵-Alhammarret
Sepulcher Ghoul①Ghouls devour the dead and any living creatures unwary enough to fall into their grasp.
Sequence Engine①"Reality, when broken down, is just math."↵-Deekah, professor of fractal theory
Seraph of Dawn①She parts the clouds so sunlight can reach even the darkest lairs and duskiest tombs.
Seraph of the Suns①"Angels? My feelings remain unchanged."↵-Liliana Vess
Seraph of the Sword①"Only when my sword lies idle shall I rejoice."
Seraphic Greatsword①Light as a feather. Sharp as an angel's wrath.
Serendib Efreet①Summoners of efreeti remember only the power of command, never the sting of regret.
Serendib Sorcerer①"Even a dragon is humble as a kitten if it thinks itself a slave."
Serene Heart①"If magic is your crutch, cast it aside and learn to walk without it."↵-Teferi
Serene Master①"A great warrior studies many different disciplines and takes the best from each."↵-Gideon Jura
Serene Offering①"A sacrifice made in peace is worth a dozen made in panic."↵-Orim, Samite healer
Serene Remembrance①While Lazav schemed and Niv-Mizzet researched, Trostani sought the future in the whispers of the past.
Serene Steward①"I can give you strength, but you'll have to bring your own courage."
Serene Sunset①The armies paused, silent, as the warriors reflected on the sunsets of their youth.
Serenity①"Just think of me as the storm before the calm."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Sergeant-at-Arms①Knights get the glory. Soldiers get things done.
Serpent Warrior①A hiss before dying.
Serpent Warrior①They are incubated by swamp gases and cut their teeth on zombie flesh. Serpent warriors are not to be trifled with.
Serpent Warrior①They're the fiercest of all the Western Paladin's soldiers. They're also the most fiercely loyal-but that loyalty comes at a price.
Serpent of Yawning Depths①"Gleams like moonlight on water drew us through the storm and toward our doom."↵-Siona, captain of the *Pyleas*
Serpent's Gift①Venom is nature's way of redressing the imbalance between weak and mighty.
Serpent's Soul-Jar①The coils spiral like time itself, carrying spirits back around from death to reawakening.
Serpentine Ambush①The merchant did guarantee the new bait would bring in something big.
Serpentine Curve①"Math bites."↵-Bim, Lorehold mage-student
Serpentine Kavu①Under Yavimaya's peaceful facade beat the hearts of many savage beasts.
Serra Advocate①An angel's blessing prepares a soldier for war better than a thousand military drills.
Serra Advocate①An angel's touch can prepare a soldier for battle more than a thousand military drills.
Serra Angel①Born with wings of light and a sword of faith, this heavenly incarnation embodies both fury and purity.
Serra Angel①Follow the light. In its absence, follow her.
Serra Angel①Her sword sings more beautifully than any choir.
Serra Angel①Perfect justice in service of a perfect will.
Serra Angel①She soars on wings of Serra's light, her sword of faith meting out justice to the wicked.
Serra Angel①The angel remembers her past lives like dreams. Her song held up meadows. Her blade drove back darkness. Her wings carried her across the ages.
Serra Angel①When she flies above the good, they consider themselves blessed. When she flies above the wicked, they consider themselves dead.
Serra Ascendant①Faith in Serra is its own reward.
Serra Avatar①"Serra isn't dead. She lives on through me."
Serra Avenger①"Those who endure in the face of suffering, those whose faith shines long in evil days, they shall see salvation."↵-*Song of All*, canto 904
Serra Aviary①"Serra, like Feroz, is long since dead. But remember, Daria: her spirit shall survive so long as the Homelands do."↵-Taysir
Serra Disciple①Theologians now believe the Ancestor was another divine form of Serra.
Serra Paladin①"Would that I could be a Paladin again, but the dead hold no place among their ranks."↵-Ihsan's Shade
Serra Paladin①One light, one blade, one purpose.↵-Vow of the Serra Paladins
Serra Redeemer①"Heroism is neither a strong arm nor a divine destiny. It is the choice to stand unbowed against impossible odds."
Serra Sphinx①Sphinxes drink from the mystic meres of Serra's realm, where their keen eyes watch reflections of what is and what is yet to come.
Serra Zealot①"The humans are useful in their way, but they must be commanded as the builder commands the stone. Be soft with them, and they will become soft."↵-Radiant, archangel
Serra's Blessing①"I have seen your strength imbued in angels' wings, and I have felt your sorrow rain down on the ruins brought by the Lord of the Wastes."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Serra's Blessing①"Rise, and I will show you how to run without flagging, fight without raging, and fly without wings."
Serra's Boon①"The light of an angel's glance is warm, but her fixed stare blinds and burns."↵-Calexis, deacon of the New Order of Serra
Serra's Embrace①"Lifted beyond herself, for that battle Brindri was an angel of light and fury."↵-*Song of All*, canto 524
Serra's Embrace①"With one breath, the newborn angel took to the air . . . and the world sighed."↵-*The Book of Serra*
Serra's Embrace①The touch of Serra's angels bears hopes aloft and empowers noble causes.
Serra's Emissary①Where swords fail, faith transcends.
Serra's Guardian①She watches over the city just as Serra watches over all.
Serra's Sanctum①A fragile cocoon of dreaming will.
Serrated Biskelion①"Whereas I was created to protect, the biskelion was created to destroy."↵-Karn, silver golem
Serrated Scorpion①Each scorpion's venom is unique, thwarting sanctuary healers' attempts to develop an antidote.
Serra①Named for a benevolent goddess at birth, Serra fulfilled the prophecy of that goddess's coming. As a planeswalker, she embodies white mana and helps whole civilizations develop while both directly and indirectly inspiring countless individuals to be steadfast and strong in the service of light.
Serum Raker①The serum from the blinkmoths they gather greases the joints of witch engines.
Serum Visions①"Why stop at the third eye?" came a whisper from the cup. "Drink more, and open them all."
Serum Visions①Future, past, and present become one in the blink of an eye.
Serum Visions①Serum was once derived from Mirrodin's blinkmoths, offering visions of inspiration. Now it is pulled from Phyrexian inkmoths, yielding visions of perfection.
Serum Visions①She drank, and in the depths of the Blind Eternities, an ancient eye opened.
Serum Visions①What would you exchange for a cosmic secret? Any payment is a small price for insight.
Servant of Nefarox①"My cause is power, and at the altar of power I will gladly forfeit my soul."
Servant of Tymaret①Life is most precious to those who have already lost it.
Servant of Volrath①"Volrath is a harsh master. My reflection is a constant reminder of that."↵-Greven *il*-Vec
Servant of the Conduit①"Creation without connection to nature is just manufacture."
Servo Exhibition①"The judges really put them through their paces, but they prevailed. I think they even impressed Head Judge Tezzeret."↵-Ritika, artificer
Servo Exhibition①Impressing a judge is one thing. Delighting a child is another.
Servo Schematic①The Consulate prizes innovation when it is dependable and replicable.
Seshiro the Anointed①His family was the first to reach out to the human monks. He soon knew as many koans as he did blade strikes.
Seshiro's Living Legacy①"In times of strife, the foolish make a fist while the wise make a friend."↵-*First Address of Seshiro the Anointed as Broodmaster of the Orochi Colonies*
Set Adrift①The envoy spoke, and Sidisi replied.
Setessan Battle Priest①"Your god teaches you only how to kill. Karametra teaches me to defend what I hold dear. That is why I will prevail."
Setessan Champion①"A blessing is not a gift. It is a duty."
Setessan Griffin①Most griffins must be caught and broken into the service of the polis. Not so in Setessa, where they volunteer.
Setessan Oathsworn①"Setessa is not the city of my birth, but it is the place I fight for, and the place I'm willing to die for. Does that not make it my home?"
Setessan Petitioner①"Cypress leaves for family, larkspur for protection, amaranth for a bountiful harvest."
Setessan Skirmisher①Bassara, the tower of the fox, houses the elite skirmishers who guard the Nessian Wood against trespassers.
Setessan Starbreaker①"Who says you cannot touch the stars?"
Setessan Training①In the heart of Setessa, the warriors of Leina Tower defend the polis and train its daughters.
Seton, Krosan Protector①"Survival of the fittest is not only the law of the pits, it is the law of nature. That is why I fight."
Settle Beyond Reality①Two taken, two judged, one returned.
Settle the Score①"You bound me with a contract only your death could end-and you thought me the fool?"↵-Liliana Vess
Seven Dwarves①"The gleam of rubies and my brothers and sisters by my side . . . what more could I want?"↵-Brognold the Third
Seven-Tail Mentor①"I have taught you all I can. Take this blade and rise as my equal."
Sever Soul①"The mortal world is a grove of sweet fruit, and I am ready to harvest it."↵-Fallen angel
Sever Soul①"With the proper tools, even the Great River can be dammed."↵-Ta-Spon, Cho-Arrim executioner
Severed Legion①No one in Aphetto answers a knock at the door after sundown.
Severed Strands①"I've seen Ravnica's fate. Believe me, I'm doing you a favor."
Sevinne, the Chronoclasm①"The best moments are worth reliving."
Sewer Crocodile①"Quick, let's hide in the sewer!"↵-Ginsi the Thief, now deceased
Sewer Rats①You lie down with rats, and the rats run away.↵-Suq'Ata insult
Sewerdreg①They hardly have form, dripping through pipe and grate with the slip and stench of flowing sewage.
Sewn-Eye Drake①"Too wary to charge, too prudent to serve. Not anymore."↵-Sedris, the Traitor King
Shacklegeist①The Blessed Sleep doesn't come easily to a mind chained by regrets.
Shackles of Treachery①In that instant, Toralf felt only the power of the storm and the need to destroy.
Shackles①"It could be worse," said Gerrard, looking around. "Well, maybe not."
Shackles①Shackles of gold are still shackles.
Shade's Breath①The grim business of the Coliseum casts long shadows.
Shadewing Laureate①"Would you prefer I destroy you using prose or verse?"
Shadow Glider①A few bands of kor sought refuge from the Eldrazi in Zendikar's vast cave networks, relying on their ability to survive in harsh vertical landscapes.
Shadow Guildmage①To keep the dead so others may live.↵-Shadow Guild maxim
Shadow Lance①Shadow lances are crafted from harvested souls. The more wicked the sinner, the keener the blade.
Shadow Prophecy①"Lord Windgrace, grant me wisdom."
Shadow Rider①In its world of complete darkness, it has no shadows to fear.
Shadow Sliver①These slivers, trapped between worlds since the Rathi overlay, are among the last to claim direct lineage from the lost Sliver Queen.
Shadow in the Warp①The astropath collapsed, his empty eye sockets aglow. He spoke three words before falling lifeless to the ground: "They . . . are . . . coming!"
Shadow of Doubt①"Your ignorance is my bliss."↵-Szadek
Shadow of Mortality①"Build your towers as tall as you want. The shadow always reaches higher."↵-Message scrawled on an alley wall
Shadow of the Grave①"Death has seeped into every part of this plane. I can feel it on my skin and taste it like sand in my mouth."↵-Nissa Revane
Shadow-Rite Priest①Backstabbing is common within demonic cults. So are front- and side-stabbing.
Shadowbane①Light creates shadow; light destroys shadow. Such is the transience of darkness.
Shadowbeast Sighting①"Werewolves leave tracks. Vampires leave wrung-out corpses. This is something else."↵-Paulin, trapper of Somberwald
Shadowblood Egg①"Does your passion for power consume your soul?"↵-Watnik, master glassblower
Shadowblood Ridge①Gnolls make offerings to sinister forces in the shadow-drenched chasms.
Shadowblood Ridge①The carnage of conflicts long past still stains the Otarian soil.
Shadowcloak Vampire①"My favorite guilty pleasure? Are there innocent ones?"
Shadowfeed①"The future is a snake, devouring your life backwards through time. And when you die, believe me, it doesn't stop feeding."↵-Sedris, the Traitor King
Shadowheart, Dark Justiciar①"Shar's will shall be done. As sure as night will fall."
Shadows' Verdict①The shadows of death fall over everyone in the end.
Shadowspear①A weapon of darkness for a warrior of light.
Shadowstorm Vizier①She can coil a breeze like a string around her finger-or twist it into a noose.
Shadowstorm①"You've not seen a storm until you've seen the kind that roars between worlds."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Shadowstorm①"You've not seen a storm until you've seen the kind that roars between worlds."↵-Lyna, soltari emissary
Shady Traveler①The stranger spoke to no one, and the townspeople gladly returned the favor.
Shaile, Dean of Radiance①"You are so much stronger than you know."
Shake the Foundations①A threefold calamity with a single will.
Shakedown Heavy①"Look, we both get what we want. I get your Halo. You get to keep your kneecaps."
Shalai's Acolyte①Armed by Multani, she protected the forest from above.
Shaleskin Bruiser①Its only predators are the elements.
Shallow Grave①Good help is hard to dig up.
Shaman of Spring①Some shamanic sects advocate the different seasons, each working to preserve nature's cycles.
Shaman of the Pack①To the elves, her spear is a compass; to the boggarts, a harbinger of doom.
Shamanic Revelation①First, whispers of ancient days. Then, visions of things to come.
Shamble Back①Lost loved ones are never truly gone.
Shambling Attendants①"Let the world behold what becomes of those who defy us."↵-Taigam, Sidisi's Hand
Shambling Ghoul①Once he gets up and going, he will forever shamble on.
Shambling Goblin①"The Kolaghan send them at us. We kill and raise them. They fight the next wave the Kolaghan send. It's a neat little cycle."↵-Asmala, Silumgar sorcerer
Shambling Strider①Freyalise forbid that any stranger should wander into the Striders' territory.
Shambling Strider①Freyalise forbid that any stranger should wander into the striders' territory.
Shambling Suit①"The young squire gripped her sword as the clanking stranger emerged. It was no knight that had come to challenge her."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Shambling Swarm①Chainer's madness personified, it exists only to slaughter the innocent.
Shameless Charlatan①You see your next disguise in every stranger's smile.
Shanna, Purifying Blade①Shanna had heard Sisay's legend all her life. Now it was time to forge her own.
Shanna, Sisay's Legacy①"I am heir to many treasures. None is as precious as knowing how my ancestor lived her life."
Shanodin Dryads①Moving without sound, swift figures pass through branches and undergrowth completely unhindered. One with the trees around them, the Dryads of Shanodin Forest are seen only when they wish to be.
Shanodin Dryads①Moving without sound, swift figures pass through branches and undergrowth completely unhindered. One with the trees around them, the dryads of Shanodin Forest are seen only when they wish to be.
Shanodin Dryads①Where dryads dance, seeds sprout and flowers bloom.
Shanty Town①Yeah, it's just around back... you didn't bring anyone with you, right
Shape Stealer①"Stand back. I know just what to do."↵-Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
Shape the Sands①"Dragons in flight seldom expect company."↵-Kadri, Dromoka warrior
Shaper Apprentice①The River Heralds would wreck a thousand ships to keep intruders from finding the golden city.
Shaper Guildmage①Shape this world in Zhalfir's image.↵-Shaper Guild maxim
Shapers of Nature①Shapers adapt nature to fit their needs and then return it to the way it was, leaving no trace of their passing.
Shapers' Sanctuary①Protection is woven into every vine and branch.
Shapesharer①One good mimic deserves another.
Shapeshifter①Born like a Phoenix from the Flame, But neither Bulk nor Shape the same.↵-Jonathan Swift, "Vanbrug's House"
Shard Convergence①Alara is broken no more.
Shard Volley①"Let the mountain's teeth pierce our oppressors."
Shard of the Nightbringer①"Aza'gorod, the Nightbringer. The embodiment of death. A killer of stars and of worlds."↵-Illuminor Szeras
Sharding Sphinx①Whether mechanical or biological, life finds a way to propagate itself.
Shardless Agent①"The left blade is a for a swift, painless death. The right blade for a long, lingering one. The choice is mine."
Shared Animosity①"It is the nature of souls that they burn more brightly together than apart."↵-Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Shared Discovery①Riches must be divided, but real wealth can be shared.
Shared Summons①"In times of need, the forest creates its own protectors."↵-Vivien Reid
Shared Triumph①"Win together, die alone."
Sharpened Pitchfork①Not everyone can have a sword of blessed silver. Not everyone needs one, either.
Sharuum the Hegemon①To gain audience with the hegemon, one must bring a riddle she has not heard.
Shatter Assumptions①Rigid minds are the first to break.
Shatter the Sky①When the gods go to war, mortals pay the highest price.
Shattered Angel①She preaches the blessings of the Machine Orthodoxy.
Shattered Crypt①"You must be mad to want one such as I aboard the *Weatherlight*. But I would be mad to remain here with my rotting family. I accept."↵-Crovax
Shattered Dreams①Victims are lucky if they remember ever having had what was lost.
Shattered Ego①"You can't even fathom the depths of your own insignificance."↵-Geyadrone Dihada
Shattered Perception①"You must shatter the fetters of the past. Only then can you truly act."↵-Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Shattered Sanctum①The Quietus Cult holds their grim ceremonies in the dark places where unburied dead litter the ground.
Shattering Blow①"Aurelia seems too eager to solve her problems by delivering them to oblivion."↵-Prime Speaker Zegana
Shatterskull Giant①"Now I know why they call it Shatterskull Pass. Rocks fell all night like hammers smashing an anvil. It's no wonder the giants are angry all the time."↵-Mitra, Bala Ged missionary
Shatterskull Minotaur①"We just pay him and point him at problems."↵-Aro, Sea Gate adventurer
Shatterskull Recruit①Saved from certain death by the kor, he considers himself bound to them by an unbreakable blood oath.
Shatterskull, the Hammer Pass①"The safest way across the Skyfangs is to fly. Shatterskull Pass is a pretty distant second."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Shatterstorm①Chains of leaping fire and sizzling lightning laid waste the artificers' handiwork, sparing not a single device.
Shatterstorm①From a marvel of magical mechanization to a smoking stack of scrap in one easy step.
Shatter①"I am an artist, a builder, a creator . . . I create the biggest explosions around."↵-Krol, goblin furnace-priest
Shatter①"Let the past be the past. Do not call up that which you cannot put down. Destroy that which destroyed us, so long ago."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Shatter①"Such fuss over machines, Gerrard. Remember that you are the prize of the Legacy. Throw away your toys!"↵-Orim, Samite healer
Shatter①Days of planning. Weeks of building. Months of perfecting. Seconds of smashing.
Shatter①The ogre's mind snapped. The bow was next. The archer followed quickly after.
Shatter①Today it's a miracle of architecture, a marvel of stained glass, a symbol of the Legion's power. Tomorrow, driftwood.
Shauku's Minion①"My minions serve me in the light; I serve no one."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Shed Weakness①To prepare for the Trial of Strength, nagas shed their old skin-and with it their scars, their doubts, and their fears.
Shelkin Brownie①Leave a bowl of milk on your doorstep each night for the brownies, or they'll cause you no end of mischief.
Shell Skulkin①Skulkins confer strange benefits on unsuspecting patrons.
Sheltered Aerie①Dromoka's scalelords patrol the skies over Arashin, offering her people safety from the harsh world.
Sheltering Boughs①"We're not at odds with the woods. How could we be, when we share so many enemies?"↵-Marel, Dawnhart witch
Sheltering Light①Those who wield the power of the sun protect the Empire from darkness.
Sheltering Prayers①"It matters not if the gods hear my prayers. Jamuraa does."
Shelter①Good strategists seize opportunities. Great strategists make their own.
Shenanigans①Pricey baubles are no match for cheap tricks.
Shenanigans①Pricy baubles are no match for cheap tricks.
Sheoldred, the Apocalypse①"Gix failed. I shall not."
Shepherd of Heroes①"Rest, friends. I will protect you."
Shepherd of Rot①"My priests swore loyalty to the Cabal not until death, but beyond it."↵-Cabal Patriarch
Shepherd of the Flock①Not all heroes carry swords.
Shepherd of the Lost①"Should you fall in the wilds, lift your voice to the Sky Realm. The one who answers will be your salvation."↵-Emeria's Creed
Shield Bearer①"You have almost completed your four years, my son. Soon you shall be a Skyknight."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Shield Bearer①"You have almost completed your four years, my son. Soon you shall be a skyknight."↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Shield Dancer①The harder your strike, the stronger her defense.
Shield Mare①When it passes, order defeats chaos.
Shield Mate①They bear weightier burdens than the shields they carry.
Shield Sphere①"My Soldiers know that they need never fear for their protection."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Shield Sphere①"My soldiers know that they need never fear for their protection."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Shield Wall①"If not for the wizard, we'd all be dead now. 'Course, it was him that started all this in the first place."↵-Onean veteran
Shield Wall①The strongest walls are made not of stone or steel but of the focused strength of warriors.
Shield of Duty and Reason①The duty: to defend. The reason: to survive.
Shield of the Ages①"This shield is a true rarity: an artifact whose purpose is obvious."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Shield of the Ages①"This shield is a true rarity: an artifact whose purpose is obvious."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Shield of the Avatar①We are made stronger by those we fight for. Designed by Richard Garriott
Shield of the Realm①Benalish glazeplate is stained with salts from the Rift Era and enchanted to deflect blows.
Shield's Might①Countless knights of Garenbrig owe their lives to his peerless craftsmanship.
Shield-Wall Sentinel①"Unit alpha-6 locking into position!"
Shielded Aether Thief①Conflict breeds opportunity.
Shielded Passage①Izzet delved into the depths of Ravnica's past, and Selesnya followed without fear.
Shieldmage Advocate①"Our unity conquers all fears."
Shieldmage Elder①"You may fight if I deem your cause worthy."
Shieldmate's Blessing①"Even land dwellers may call for Emeria's grace in times of need."↵-Emeria's Creed
Shields of Velis Vel①Changelings can alter shape based on what the beings around them desire most.
Shifting Loyalties①"Show the enemy the true path, and the spirit will yearn to follow it."↵-Houn, Jeskai elder
Shifting Sky①Master the sky and you rule everything beneath it.↵-Metathran saying
Shifting Sliver①Once the last few slivers the Riptide Project controlled were dead, there was nothing to keep the island from being completely overrun.
Shifting Wall①"You'd almost think Volrath doesn't want me here."↵-Gerrard
Shimatsu the Bloodcloaked①Their dominion over dark and destructive forces twisted the oni into beings of pure malevolence.
Shimian Night Stalker①"'Tis now the very witching time of night,/ When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out/ Contagion to this world." -William Shakespeare, Hamlet
Shimian Night Stalker①"When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out/ Contagion to this world."↵-William Shakespeare, *Hamlet*
Shimmer Dragon①The indigo dragon gladly traded a bit of its hoard for everlasting moonlight.
Shimmer Myr①It evades Phyrexians by hiding in the spaces between seconds.
Shimmer of Possibility①"There's something peculiar about the rain today."↵-Janoc, Tin Street tinker
Shimmerdrift Vale①Reflections from the wind-sculpted snow gleam with every color of the rainbow.
Shimmering Efreet①Life or death: which is the illusion?"↵-Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Shimmering Glasskite①A child's whisper could crack its shell, but not even an oni's scream could penetrate it.
Shimmering Grotto①"This is the price of being last in the food chain. We must keep our places of beauty hidden away instead of displayed for all to see."↵-Hildin, priest of Avacyn
Shimmering Grotto①Once each year, the sun's rays reach the hidden chamber of Velis Vel, and the changelings congregate from afar to bathe in the ever-shifting light.
Shimmering Grotto①Untold riches await those who forsake the bustling world to search the secret, silent places.
Shimmering Mirage①"Oh, is *that* all you need? Why didn't you just say so?"↵-Reef shaman
Shimmering Wings①"I leave words like 'impossible' to the rabble. Whatever I can imagine, I can create."↵-Ixidor, reality sculptor
Shimmering Wings①"Wings are but fins for swimming the sky."↵-Empress Galina
Shimmering Wings①The brighter the wings, the deeper the impact crater.
Shimmerscale Drake①They are drawn by the brilliant blue glint of the mineral lazotep from the mines below.
Shimmerwing Chimera①It swims upon the winds and soars through the waves.
Shimmer①To buy unseen land, pay in unseen coin.↵-Suq'Ata maxim
Shineshadow Snarl①A flickering beacon of righteous corruption.
Shining Aerosaur①"The invaders cloak themselves in the shadows of dusk. Aerosaurs hide in the brilliance of the noonday sun."↵-Caparocti Sunborn
Shinka Gatekeeper①"Understanding is not a virtue of the ogre. Do not seek to reason your way into Shinka Keep."↵-Kiku, Night's Flower
Shinka, the Bloodsoaked Keep①The glow from within looks inviting, but woe awaits whomever finds out who stokes the fire or what simmers in the pot.
Shipwreck Dowser①Lost at sea doesn't have to mean lost forever.
Shipwreck Looter①One pirate's wreck is another's reward.
Shipwreck Marsh①The bones of doomed ships jut out from the muck while the bones of their sailors molder below.
Shipwreck Moray①Shipwrecks do wonders for the local fauna, providing both shelter and aether.
Shipwreck Sifters①A loyal crew sticks together, even after death.
Shipwreck Singer①Her melody melds death and beauty with such artistry that even the gods weep to hear it.
Shiv's Embrace①"Wear the foe's form to best it in battle. So sayeth the bey."
Shiv's Embrace①When you see the world as a dragon sees it, everything looks fit to burn.
Shivan Devastator①There were many reasons why Shiv was not high on Sheoldred's list of places to conquer: big, fiery reasons.
Shivan Dragon①"It's just playing with us, Marsden."↵-Dafynne the Radiant, last words
Shivan Dragon①The undisputed master of the mountains of Shiv.
Shivan Dragon①While it's true most Dragons are cruel, the Shivan Dragon seems to take particular glee in the misery of others, often tormenting its victims much like a cat plays with a mouse before delivering the final blow.
Shivan Dragon①While it's true most dragons are cruel, the Shivan dragon seems to take particular glee in the misery of others, often tormenting its victims much like a cat plays with a mouse before delivering the final blow.
Shivan Fire①Sometimes Shivan dragons toy with their food. Other times they just cook it.
Shivan Gorge①Both forge and pyre.
Shivan Harvest①"The blood of your ancestors ran heavy on this soil. Now it's your turn to sacrifice for the glory of Shiv."↵-Viashino heretic
Shivan Hellkite①A dragon's scale can be carved into a mighty shield, provided you can procure a dragontooth to cut it.
Shivan Oasis①Only the hardiest explorers survive to eat the fruit.
Shivan Phoenix①To strike down the phoenix is to slash at the flame.
Shivan Reef①The boiling seas around Shiv provided a welcome layer of protection for the reclaimed Mana Rig.
Shivan Wumpus①It's easier to move the village than to divert the wumpus.
Shivan Zombie①Barbarians long for a glorious death in battle. Phyrexia was eager to grant that wish.
Shizo, Death's Storehouse①Centuries ago, Shizo was a verdant field of wildflowers. After 891 samurai died in a single battle on its grasses, it became a haunted moor.
Shoal Kraken①It eats the things that eat the things that are drawn to the light.
Shoal Serpent①"It's like a reef that runs aground on ships."↵-Jaby, Silundi Sea nomad
Shock Troops①War is a conflict that determines not who is right-but who is left.
Shock Troops①When goblins blow themselves up, it's called stupidity. When humans do, it's called heroism.
Shocking Grasp①"Metal armor? A poor choice."
Shockmaw Dragon①Dragons of the Kolaghan brood are always on the move. They are the driving force behind the Mardu's nomadic way of life.
Shock①"I love lightning! It's my best invention since the rock."↵-Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Shock①"I love this thing! It's my best invention since the boulderfist gauntlet!"
Shock①"Once I saw a goblin shouting at a thunderstorm. He lost the argument pretty quickly."↵-Wandering mage
Shock①"The beauty of it is they never see it coming. Ever."↵-Razzix, sparkmage
Shock①"To this day, I have no idea if the heavens were obeying him or attacking him."↵-Ral Zarek, research notes
Shock①Lightning tethers souls to the world.↵-Kor saying
Shock①The tools of invention became the weapons of revolution.
Shoe Tree①It grows several feet a year.
Shore Keeper①Over their long life spans, the larger trilobites accumulate vast treasure troves in their guts.
Shore Snapper①Kathari, the sickly aven of Grixis, have learned that the corpses by the shoreline are more trap than treat.
Shore Up①Homarid shells are adapted to the crushing pressure of the deepest depths; on land, their sturdiness seems supernatural.
Shorecrasher Mimic①The Aurora replaced the changelings' innocence with malice and their curiosity with hunger.
Shoreline Raider①"This strange new beast makes for an excellent meal. Get me more."↵-Empress Galina
Shoreline Salvager①"They search for treasures that wash up from the depths. Tracking one could lead you to riches. Or in circles."↵-Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Short Sword①"Sometimes the only difference between a martyr and a hero is a sword."↵-Captain Sisay, *Memoirs*
Shortcut Seeker①"Ah, the old 'trap door under a rug' trick. This is almost too easy."
Shoulder to Shoulder①"Sea Gate may have fallen, but we still stand. We still fight."↵-Gideon Jura
Shoving Match①Rishadan barkeeps know something the Mercadians have yet to learn: if you keep pushing, someone will eventually push back.
Show and Tell①At the academy, "show and tell" too often becomes "run and hide."
Show of Valor①"As the knight struggled to stand, his squire took up his blade. The foe advanced not a single step."↵-Krinnea, *Siege of the Bone Spire*
Show of Valor①"Duty, honor, and valor are either in your heart or they are not. You will never know for certain until you are tested."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Show of Valor①Cowards watch. Heroes act.
Shower of Sparks①The viashino had learned how to operate the rig through trial and error-mostly error.
Showstopper①The audience quickly realized a few things: it wasn't a magic trick, there wasn't candy in there, and they'd need new clothes.
Shrapnel Blast①From trinket to trauma.
Shrapnel Blast①It requires immense pressure to imbue an item with magic. If the spell is broken . . .
Shrapnel Blast①To the Krark Clan, every artifact has a trigger and a barrel.
Shredding Winds①"Enemies of the wood! Your presence here is a slap in Nylea's face. Do not be surprised if she slaps back."↵-Telphe, druid of Nylea
Shreds of Sanity①A few gnawing thoughts can eat at the mind until nothing else remains.
Shrewd Negotiation①"Pleasure doing business with you."
Shriek Raptor①"That's no glint hawk. The skies have changed for the worse."↵-Ria Ivor, White Sun partisan
Shriek of Dread①When Crosis roared, the battle ended and the slaughter began.
Shriekdiver①"It's faster than we are. Draw its attention while the Ledev take aim!"↵-Shauntal, Boros legionnaire
Shriekgeist①Wounds of the flesh are easy to heal. Wounds of the mind may never be undone.
Shrieking Affliction①A gargoyle's voice reaches pitches that will shatter glass and warp bone.
Shrieking Drake①"Kaervek believes the drakes' cries herald his victory; in truth, they mourn aloud for his impending demise."↵-Teferi
Shrieking Grotesque①Orzhov mage-sculptors bring their stone to life before they carve it. The shrieking begins as soon as the mouths are formed.
Shrieking Mogg①You have to admire its enthusiasm.
Shrill Howler①"A werewolf's howl is terrifying, to be sure. But this . . . this was a chilling sound I somehow felt. I fear what will reply to it."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Shrine Steward①From broken swords, the first Imperials forged a peaceful servant to tend the shrines of Eiganjo.
Shrine of the Forsaken Gods①The gods known to the merfolk as Ula, Emeria, and Cosi were nothing more than false memories of a monstrous trinity: the Eldrazi titans Ulamog, Emrakul, and Kozilek.
Shrink①"Do not fear adversity. Let your courage be your strength."↵-Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Shrink①"Do not fear adversity. Let your courage be your strength."↵-Onatah, Anaba shaman
Shrink①"May you decrease like coal upon the hearth . . . Evaporate like water in a pail, Become as little as a linseed-grain . . . And so diminish that you come to nothing."↵-Anglo-Saxon curse
Shrink①"The smallest beast can yet have the greatest heart."↵-Gemma, Willow Priestess
Shrivel①"Do not weep for the frail. Their time couldn't have been that far off."↵-Nathrac, plaguesower
Shrivel①"Have you ever killed insects nibbling at your crops? I think that's what the Eldrazi believe they're doing to us."↵-Sheyda, Ondu gamekeeper
Shrouded Serpent①Many travelers have wandered into a fog only to find that it had teeth, claws, and an appetite.
Shu Cavalry①In establishing the Shu kingdom, Liu Bei's forces fought against Ma Chao at Chengdu. Eventually, Ma Chao surrendered and became one of Liu Bei's Tiger Generals.
Shu Defender①Confronting Cao Cao's army at Steepslope Bridge, Zhang Fei bellowed, "I am Zhang Fei of Yan! Who dares fight me to the death?" Cao Cao's army cowered and fled.
Shu Elite Companions①Throughout the three kingdoms, important generals were often guarded by small groups of expert soldiers known as "elite companions."
Shu Elite Infantry①Kongming's first campaign against the Wei kingdom was a rousing success until an arrogant Shu general, Ma Su, foolishly lost the city of Jieting.
Shu Farmer①"The common folk are ceaselessly active. The fields are fertile and the soil productive, and neither flood nor drought plagues us."↵-A Shu diplomat
Shu Foot Soldiers①Liu Bei lost many men at the battle of Runan because of his lack of strategy. It wasn't until he met Kongming that he began to truly succeed as a leader.
Shu Grain Caravan①Keeping a million-man army fed was no easy task. Grain and rice caravans were the lifeblood of the empire.
Shu Soldier-Farmers①During Kongming's campaigns against the Wei, his Shu troops rotated from the battlefront to the fields every hundred days.
Shuko①"One scratch on a wall meant safe passage, two that the target had already been raided, and three warned of a trap."↵-*Weaponry of Kamigawa*
Shunt①"You might want to work on your aim."
Shunt①Aranghil held her fury in her heart, hard and bright as a ruby. With its razor edge, she rewrote the laws of battle.
Shyft①"Capturing this specimen was not easy. Study it well, that you someday might be as versatile."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Sibilant Spirit①"Relax. I'm sure it's just a snake hissing."↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Sibilant Spirit①"Relax. I'm sure it's just a snake hissing."↵-Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Sibilant Spirit①She had expected death to roar, to thunder, to growl. She did not recognize it when it came hissing to her side.
Sibsig Host①"They were your friends, your family, your clan. They want only to welcome you."↵-Tasigur, the Golden Fang
Sibsig Icebreakers①"I almost envy them. They can't get frostbite."↵-Kirada, Silumgar enforcer
Sick and Tired①The Phyrexians' only interest in organic life is discerning its weakness.
Sickening Dreams①The Patriarch dreams of vile plague.
Sicken①Urza dared to attack Phyrexia. Slowly, it retaliated.
Sickle Dancer①"I lead, destruction follows."
Sickle Ripper①His sickle was forged in the heat of another cinder's funeral pyre.
Sidar Jabari①"Prophecy is whatever one makes of it, but destiny cannot be changed."↵-Sidar Jabari
Sidar Kondo①Kondo served as guardian to the infant Gerrard and raised him alongside his own son, Vuel. He taught both boys to be strong and to lead, but whereas Gerrard became a champion of honor, Vuel's bitterness led him to become an equally devastating force of malice.
Side to Side①His friends at the gym never knew Garanth's secret shame. For years he had tried to walk away from professional arm wrestling, but hey-free monkeys.
Sideswipe①Hisoka's wizards struggled for years to master the art of redirection that came so naturally to the shamans of Ganzan Pass.
Sidewinder Naga①"Those who embrace the harsh land rather than fight it find they have a powerful ally."↵-Nissa Revane
Sidewinder Sliver①"They encircled our patrol with the stealth of snakes, corralling us like livestock."↵-Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Sidisi's Faithful①"I tire of your prattle, and your face."
Sidisi's Pet①The Sultai distinguish between pet and slave by the material of the chain.
Siege Behemoth①"Hold the line, hold the li-"↵-General Srok, last words
Siege Mastodon①"Defending the citadel is easy. I just take these big fellows outside the main gate and let the enemy take a good long look."↵-Mastodon keeper
Siege Mastodon①"The walls of the wicked will fall before us. Ready the siege engines. We proceed to war!"↵-General Avitora
Siege Modification①Perfect for getting through to the consuls.
Siege Rhino①The mere approach of an Abzan war beast is enough to send enemies fleeing in panic.
Siege Wurm①Suddenly, all the haggling didn't seem so important.
Siege Wurm①The Rubblefield was once among the wealthiest districts in Ravnica. All it took was a single wurm to reduce it to ruins.
Siege Zombie①A barricade only buys time. So the wealthy buy more barricades.
Siege-Gang Commander①"Ready . . . uh . . . fire!"
Siegebreaker Giant①No rampart can withstand the fury of a giant.
Siegecraft①"They thought their fortress impregnable . . . until we marched up with ours, and blocked out the sun."↵-Golran, dragonscale captain
Siegehorn Ceratops①To a siegehorn, there is no such thing as a dead end.
Sifter Wurm①"Rhonas's monument belongs to the wurms now. Look elsewhere for refuge."↵-Arnun, vizier of the menagerie
Sift①"Twice I have let the Legacy slip away. Never again."↵-Karn, silver golem
Sift①Dwell longest on the thoughts that shine brightest.
Sigarda's Aid①The Order of Saint Traft found new strength with Sigarda's support.
Sigarda's Summons①With Olivia distracted, Sigarda tore free from her bindings and summoned her Host of Herons.
Sigarda, Host of Herons①Great devotion yields great reward.
Sigardian Priest①Many whose faith was destroyed by Avacyn turned to the only angel who remained true to humanity.
Sigardian Savior①"Begone, moon-cursed! These folk are no prey of yours."
Sigardian Zealot①"We fight together! In Sigarda's name, ready your weapons!"
Sight of the Scalelords①"The Silumgar creep around our borders and infiltrate our aeries. We must remain ever watchful."↵-Golran, Dromoka captain
Sightless Ghoul①It blindly marches on Thraben's gates, guided by its master's direful will.
Sigil Blessing①"For unwavering commitment and unflinching strength, the Order of the White Orchid confers its sigil. Rise, knight-captain, and do your duty."
Sigil Captain①"One sigil awarded for valor, the other awarded for surviving Hellkite's Pass."
Sigil Tracer①"The reflection is true. It is you who are distorted and false."
Sigil of Sleep①Arrows are only one way to remove an enemy.
Sigil of Valor①With each honor he earns, Gideon paves the path to his redemption.
Sigil of the Empty Throne①When Asha left Bant, she ensured that the world would have protection and order in her absence.
Sigil of the Nayan Gods①As the elves learned the hymns of angels, the knights learned the roars of titans.
Sigil of the New Dawn①"We lay our dead to rest in a beautiful bed, in hopes that the Ancestor will think it a fit cradle for the next life."↵-Mystic elder
Sigil of the New Dawn①The sigil represents an honor that endures beyond death.
Sigiled Behemoth①"Do not mistake a behemoth's assistance for subservience."↵-Mayael the Anima
Sigiled Contender①"All right. Warm-ups are over."
Sigiled Paladin①Each sigil marks the recognition of a great deed and signifies a duty owed to the one who granted it.
Sigiled Skink①The runes seem to come alive as it moves, rippling like slow flames across its scales.
Sigiled Starfish①Kruphix hid the most dire prophecies about humankind where humans would never find them and tritons wouldn't care to read them.
Sign in Blood①"It's always my brightest students who make the worst decisions."↵-Shaile, Silverquill dean
Sign in Blood①"You know I accept only one currency here, and yet you have sought me out. Why now do you hesitate?"↵-Xathrid demon
Sign in Blood①Little agonies pave the way to greater power.
Signal Pest①It leaps from tree to tree, revealing the enemy's positions.
Signal the Clans①Gruul clanfolk obey few rules, but all feel bound to answer the call of the horn.
Signpost Scarecrow①"Accursed scarecrow! Sending folk in every direction is the same as sending them nowhere at all."↵-Corliss the Wanderer
Sigrid, God-Favored①Never alone, never afraid.
Silburlind Snapper①Nephalia is home to many hard-shelled creatures of unusual size, the largest of which are either avoided or worshipped.
Silence①"All the wizardry in the world has to pass through one small and easily sealed door."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Silence①"Take a quiet moment to reflect on your sins."↵-Cleph, Order of Redeemed Souls
Silent Arbiter①Scholars say that arbiters exist on every world, created by an unknown hand to enforce justice.
Silent Artisan①On the fourth day they passed through a forest of immense stacked stones. Althemone, youngest of the companions, called these pillars the work of a god, but the Champion knew better. She quickened her pace.↵-*The Theriad*
Silent Assassin①She feels no need to disturb her victim's slumber.
Silent Attendant①"The answer to life should never be death; it should always be more life, wrapped tight around us like precious silks."
Silent Clearing①The expedition's end began the marsh's story.
Silent Dart①"These terms are acceptable to House Dimir. Shall we shake on it?"
Silent Departure①The same magic that lets geists pass through our realm can force them out of it.
Silent Gravestone①Made to ward off the Grim Captain and silence the lure of undeath.
Silent Observer①It's not just a feeling-you *are* being watched.
Silent Observer①It's not just a feeling-you are being watched.
Silent Sentinel①It serves a justice higher than the whims of the gods.
Silent Skimmer①"I watched it pass at a distance. When I looked back to my companions, Najet was dead."↵-Akiri, kor line-slinger
Silent-Chant Zubera①When the Honden of Cleansing Fire was abandoned, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to erode mortal will.
Silhana Ledgewalker①Street folk call them "spire mice," but behind the mockery is an unspoken envy of the ledgewalkers' skill at avoiding harm.
Silhana Starfletcher①In light he finds both gift and weapon.
Silhana Wayfinder①"Stay close! It's just a little farther."
Silk Net①Sometimes it's possible to pull a meal out of thin air.
Silkbind Faerie①"The bigger they are, the more fun it is to watch them fall flat on their faces."
Silkenfist Fighter①Simple wooden staff Made from life, protecting life, Stronger than cold steel.
Silkenfist Order①Hands weave life and death; Intertwining spirits knit Tapestries and shrouds.
Silklash Spider①By the time the spider comes to slurp up its dinner, its victims have been partially dissolved by acidic silk.
Silklash Spider①The only thing that flies over the Krosan Forest is the wind.
Silkweaver Elite①Elvish weavers use spidersilk to make everything from tapestries to rappelling ropes.
Silkwrap①Better scarves than scars.
Silt Crawler①If they could replenish the land instead of draining it, Jamuraa would be teeming with them.
Silumgar Butcher①Silumgar takes pride in the diversity of his sibsig.
Silumgar Monument①Silumgar dominates his clan from a fortress on the Marang River, where he rests upon piles of treasure.
Silumgar, the Drifting Death①"No machinations, no puppet strings, no plots. Just pure, sweeping death."↵-Tasigur, the Golden Fang
Silundi Isle①"From the hedron fields of Agadeem to the Faduun of Jwar Isle, the islands of the Silundi Sea offer one mystery after another."↵-Jori En, expedition leader
Silundi Vision①"Feel the current? Rough waters lie ahead."↵-Jori En, expedition leader
Silvanus's Invoker①"Arise, friend, and seize the horizon in the name of the Oak Father."
Silver Bolt①"When a werewolf charges, you'll only have time for one shot. Best make it count."↵-Captain Eberheart
Silver Erne①"I've seen a larger Erne knock a Giant to the ground and stay airborne. They move not with the wind, but as the wind."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Silver Knight①"Hammer out your doubts as you forge your weapon. To slay a dragon, your resolve must be stronger than your steel."
Silver Knight①Otaria's last defense against the wave of chaos threatening to engulf it.
Silver Myr①The myr are like quicksilver: malleable in function and adaptable in form.
Silver Myr①The vedalken saw the myr as toys, unaware of the intelligence lurking behind their empty eyes.
Silver Raven①Wings take flight on whispered wind.
Silver Scrutiny①Karn's creation allowed him to monitor events across Dominaria-and everything he saw worried him.
Silver Seraph①A symbol of hope for hopeless times.
Silver-Inlaid Dagger①Magical etchings turned a whittler's tool into a wolfhunter's weapon.
Silverback Ape①His true majesty is not in his silver, but in his size.
Silverback Ape①It does not wear a crown or sit on a throne of gold, but those who have witnessed its power hail it nonetheless.
Silverback Shaman①The apes of Yavimaya draw strength from the spirits of their ancestors.
Silverbeak Griffin①A pair of domesticated griffins escaped from captivity a century ago. Now the skies are filled with the songs of their descendants.
Silverbluff Bridge①The path to genius is forged in creativity.
Silverchase Fox①"Be careful in your hunt. The clever little creature can steal your wards and lead you right into the werewolf's den."↵-Britta, midwife of Gatstaf
Silverclad Ferocidons①"Control them? No. I gird them in armor and let them loose."↵-Yacha, Otepec huntmaster
Silverclaw Griffin①It patrols the grafs for miles around Thraben, ensuring that the unhallowed do not wake for long.
Silvercoat Lion①"In the wild, white fur like mine is an aberration. We lack natural camouflage, but the inability to hide encourages other strengths."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Silvercoat Lion①Hunters of every species on the savannah, silvercoats disdain camouflage in favor of total dominance of the food chain.
Silverflame Ritual①Tempered by fire and united in virtue, the knights of Ardenvale fight with a single, unbreakable will.
Silverflame Squire①Beacons along the borderlands are lit at any incursion from the wilds.
Silverfur Partisan①Silverfurs are the last remaining wolfir.
Silvergill Adept①"I bring baubles of lore, lost secrets seined from the listening waves."
Silvergill Adept①"If you keep to the shallows, you'll never learn the secrets of the depths."
Silvergill Douser①The Silvergill school monitors traffic on the Lanes, ensuring that the riffraff don't interfere with travelers.
Silverquill Apprentice①She had spoken the words a hundred times, but under the spotlight, in front of everyone, something new emerged. And the crowd went wild.
Silverquill Campus①Mage-students drawn to the power of language choose Silverquill, the college of eloquence.
Silverquill Pledgemage①"I avoid violence. It is the last resort of the witless. But if you insist, I'll make an exception for you."
Silverquill Silencer①"I am very much in the mood to start handing out expulsions."
Silverskin Armor①Partisan spies warned that no armor would protect the body from Phyrexian infection. Neurok strategists took that as a challenge.
Silversmote Ghoul①Being trapped between two forms of unlife is a fate worse than mere death.
Silverstrike①"Shield yourself with faith. Arm yourself with silver."↵-Slayer Kastinne
Silvos, Rogue Elemental①He was born of the Mirari, thrust out of his homeland before he was even aware. Left without purpose or meaning, he found both in the pits.
Sima Yi, Wei Field Marshal①Sima Yi fought for four generations of the Cao family before his own grandson became emperor and united the three kingdoms.
Simian Brawler①"It's odd to see the apes rip down trees to arm themselves in defense of their forests."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Simian Grunts①These monkeys mean business.
Simian Spirit Guide①"All my spells smell like burnt hair lately."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Simian Spirit Guide①"It's rarely worth questioning where the mana comes from. Just be grateful."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Simic Charm①"We measure our progress in heartbeats."↵-Prime Speaker Zegana
Simic Cluestone①Simic symbols are among the most intricate and fragile, yet few vandalize them for fear of the strange lifeforms that might be released.
Simic Guildgate①"Mystery is beauty. Within the unknown we plumb revelation."↵-Vannifar
Simic Guildgate①"When the Prime Speaker goes too far, I will be here in the safety of the deeps to correct her."↵-Zegana
Simic Guildgate①Enter and comprehend the perfection of orchestrated life.
Simic Guildgate①Simic biomancers don't concern themselves with guarding a gate. Their ever-present creations are enough to ward off trespassers.
Simic Initiate①Simic initiates begin their training as experimental subjects. Failures are flushed to the undersewers.
Simic Locket①"Like our guild itself, this locket can stand for many things. You must discern what it means for you."↵-Vannifar
Simic Ragworm①"Infused with autochthon blood for size and hellion cells for speed, the ragworm is perfect for clearing the undergardens of both rats and vagrants."↵-Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Simic Signet①For the Simic Combine, its sigil serves not as an emblem of honor but as a trademark. Its familiar image on any biological commodity attests to superb craftsmanship, ingenious innovation, and higher cost.
Simic Sky Swallower①"We've bred out the shortcomings of the species' natural form and replaced them with assets of our own design."↵-Momir Vig
Simoon①"The black-and-white sacred monkey holds her children to her, and waits."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Simoon①Hot wind whipped up as if the weather itself wanted to fight Phyrexians.
Simplify①A blossom's petals close inward to shut out the frost.↵-Nantuko teaching
Sin Collector①"That must weigh heavily on your soul. Let me purge it for you."
Sinew Sliver①As the muscle cords of the creature twitched, Hanna saw an unsettling unanimity in the others' rippling flesh. She didn't know what it meant, but she urged Sisay to keep the ship at a safe distance.
Singe-Mind Ogre①Even the balmgivers of Bant couldn't heal the incurables, but sharing their torment helped.
Singe①Burnt flesh. Blackened soul.
Single Combat①Not even a threat to the entire Multiverse could persuade them to put aside their feud.
Sinister Concoction①An old family recipe for an old family grudge.
Sinister Possession①"You caught something on a cold night's stroll? No, I'd say something caught you."↵-Mezim Magrah, civic healer
Sinister Sabotage①"We have intel that some guilds have fallen under an invader's influence. Until we're sure, no venture succeeds."↵-Lazav
Sinister Starfish①"Throw that one back. I don't like how it's looking at me."↵-Netos, Meletian fisherman
Sinister Strength①"I bless the living with a song of death."↵-Lord Dralnu
Sinister Waltz①For one evening, the dueling bloodlines channeled their feuds into elaborate footwork.
Sinkhole①High walls, a sturdy keep, a strong garrison . . . they made no difference. In a matter of moments, the city was lost.
Sinstriker's Will①"Steel rusts. Arrows break. But righteousness is always strong, always sharp."
Sinuous Predator①A different kind of transformation has taken place.
Sip of Hemlock①Conspirators poisoned the oracle not because her visions were wrong, but because they were right.
Sir Shandlar of Eberyn①"Remember Sir Shandlar! Remember and stand firm!" -rallying cry of the Eberyn militia
Sir Shandlar of Eberyn①"Remember Sir Shandlar! Remember and stand firm!"↵-rallying cry of the Eberyn militia
Sire of Insanity①Its victims become mindless lunatics. Conveniently, that's the first step in joining the Cult of Rakdos.
Sire of Stagnation①As the great scourge passed by, Zendikar shivered, then lay silent.
Sire of the Storm①This storm blows gales through the dreams of men.
Siren Reaver①"Prepare to be boarded."
Siren Song Lyre①A siren once tried to steal it out of jealousy but was caught by the song of its strings.
Siren Stormtamer①He's the calm that hides the coming storm.
Siren's Ruse①Deception and misdirection are the heart of the pirate's arsenal.
Sirocco①"Blow, fiery wind, / strip illusion from the eye. / Blow, fiery wind of truth."↵-Femeref chant
Sisay's Ring①"I'm not one for pretty things," said Sisay. "Unless they're pretty useful as well."
Sisay's Ring①"With this ring, you have friends in worlds you've never heard of."↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Sisay①While captain of the *Weatherlight*, Sisay undertook a quest for the Legacy, a collection of artifacts needed to defeat the Lord of the Wastes. She continued this quest even when Gerrard, heir to the Legacy, chose to abandon it. Sisay is devoted to the cause of good at whatever price.
Sister Hospitaller①"Ours is to honour the martyr, tend the fallen, defend the innocent, and walk always in the light."↵-*The Hospitaller's Book of Hours*
Sister Repentia①"I shall seek the Emperor's forgiveness in the darkest places of the night."↵-Oath the Penitent
Sisters of the Flame①We are many wicks sharing a common tallow; we feed the skies with the ashes of our prey.
Sivitri Scarzam①Even the brave have cause to tremble at the sight of Sivitri Scarzam. Who else has tamed Scarzam's Dragon?
Six-y Beast①Is it six?
Sixth Sense①Instinct yields the truest insight.
Sizzle①"Of course you should fight fire with fire. You should fight *everything* with fire."↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Sizzle①Explosions ripped through the ship overhead, and those unfortunate enough to be directly below scrambled to find cover.
Sizzling Barrage①"A thousand sparks can burn through your defenses just as quickly as one massive blaze."↵-Attikar, Akoum elementalist
Skaab Goliath①"Three heads, six arms, and some armor grafts are better than . . . the normal numbers of those things."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Skaab Goliath①Three heads are better than one.
Skaab Wrangler①After Uda's hat boutique in Selhoff was destroyed by werewolves, she relocated outside of town and took up a new type of sewing.
Skalla Wolf①"This imprint was the familiar of a friend."↵-Vivien Reid
Skarrg Goliath①"They bind us with their laws. We free ourselves with nature's fist."↵-Nikya of the Old Ways
Skarrg, the Rage Pits①"This palace will be our fire-spit, and roasted prince our victory meal. Send in the torch-pigs!"↵-Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Skarrgan Skybreaker①"The sky isn't falling-it's being thrown at us!"↵-Otak, Tin Street shopkeep
Skatewing Spy①"A better Ravnica begins with a better Simic."↵-Vannifar
Skeletal Changeling①Though they lack true flesh and bone of their own, changelings imitate either with equal ease.
Skeletal Crocodile①The less flesh there is, the more teeth there seem to be.
Skeletal Grimace①"And then I realized we all have skeletons on the inside. Why wait until the bodies are dead to control them?"↵-Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Skeletal Kathari①Undeath doesn't end the kathari's search for carrion; it only removes one corpse from the Dregscape.
Skeletal Scrying①His family was a small price to pay for the dark gifts that called to him.
Skeletal Snake①They watched as the snake shed layer after layer until only cold bone remained.
Skeletal Wurm①Necromancers are judged by the most powerful undead they've ever created. There are those who have animated just a single being, yet are considered the pinnacle of their dark craft.
Skeleton Archer①"Soul, flesh, even eyes-none of these are strictly necessary for deadly precision."↵-Modriss of Zargoth Fen
Skeleton Archer①"When it comes to killing with precision, a soul is but a hindrance."↵-Isareth the Awakener
Skeleton Shard①Metal permeates the marrow of every bone in Mephidross-except one.
Skeleton Ship①"The sea gives up her dead as easily as the soil."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Skeletonize①Fire burns away both flesh and freedom.
Skemfar Avenger①Stripped of their divinity, the elves of Skemfar channeled their rage and sorrow into bloody brutality.
Skewer the Critics①Going to a Rakdos show is dangerous. Trying to leave early can be fatal.
Skillful Lunge①"Valor is a currency of the living that serves us well."↵-Cosper Lowe of the Silbern Guard
Skin Shedder①"Patient complained of burning sensation in upper back and at base of neck. Bed rest recommended. In a couple days, he should feel like a new man."↵-Lagra, hamlet physician
Skinbrand Goblin①"These Gruul skin-runes-discern whether their patterns evoke streets, leylines, or both. You have four days."↵-Niv-Mizzet, to his assistant
Skinrender①"Your creations are effective, Sheoldred, but we must unite the flesh, not merely flay it."↵-Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Skirge Familiar①"The skirges screech along with the bone saw. It makes a terrible racket, but they seem to enjoy it."↵-Keskit, the Flesh Sculptor
Skirge Familiar①The first Yawgmoth priest to harness their power was rewarded with several unique mutilations.
Skirk Alarmist①"I treat each day as your last."
Skirk Drill Sergeant①"I order you to volunteer."
Skirk Fire Marshal①He's boss because he's smart enough to get out of the way.
Skirk Outrider①Once the goblins thought about it, they preferred being atop a slateback to being in front of, behind, or underneath one.
Skirk Prospector①"I like goblins. They make funny little popping sounds when they die."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Skirk Prospector①Deep beneath the ruined continent of Otaria, there's a mine where goblins still work, ignorant of the destruction above.
Skirk Shaman①In a shaman's grimy hands, a concoction of dried Skirk Ridge herbs can become the face of panic.
Skirsdag Cultist①"Within blood is life. Within life is fire. Within fire is the path to our masters' glory!"
Skirsdag Flayer①Certain initiates into the Skirsdag cult take a vow of blindness, pledging obedience to none but demonkind.
Skirsdag High Priest①"Thraben's pleas fall on deaf ears. Ours do not."
Skirsdag Supplicant①"I can no longer stand by as these Skirsdag infiltrators rot the church from within. Even the Lunarch Council is compromised. What a fool I've been."↵-Odric
Skitter Eel①"Life has no mistakes, only experiments."↵-Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Skittering Heartstopper①It flows like water over the forest floor, as deadly as the swiftest current.
Skittering Horror①"This monstrosity will do-for now."↵-Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Skittering Invasion①"The brood spread far faster than we could kill it. I fear the worst is yet to come."↵-*The War Diaries*
Skittering Monstrosity①Most living things were weakened and stunted in the ruinous aftermath of the Phyrexian invasion, but a few grew more horrid than ever.
Skittering Skirge①The imps' warbling cries echo through Phyrexia's towers like those of mourning doves in a cathedral.
Skittering Surveyor①Like a cross between a spider and a spyglass, but friendlier.
Skittish Kavu①Fierce when roused, this breed of kavu is easily distracted by a strong voice or melodic tune.
Skizzik①It skitters across Shiv, each tendril hitting the ground with a sharp snap.
Skola Grovedancer①"From the ashes of last night's revel, I bring the dawn on new growth."
Skophos Reaver①"KILL! KILL FOR MOGIS!"
Skophos Warleader①The minotaur polis of Skophos boasts grand temples to the god of slaughter.
Skorpekh Destroyer①Nothing can override the hard-wired desire to kill that empowers these rage-driven Necrons.
Skred①"This close to Rimewind Keep, no avalanche is nature's doing."↵-Ukoten, centaur chieftain
Skulduggery①"They're so much more willing to parley once they're hanging from a boom by the ankle!"
Skulking Fugitive①In the Cateran guild, being caught is a capital offense.
Skulking Ghost①"They exist only so long as the living take no notice."↵-Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Skulking Ghost①"They exist only so long as the living take no notice."↵-Kifimbo, Shadow guildmage
Skulking Killer①Olivia set a few villagers loose in the hedge maze as part of the evening's "entertainment."
Skull Catapult①"Let any who doubt the evil of using the ancient devices look at this infernal machine. What manner of fiend would design such a sadistic device?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Skull Catapult①"Let any who doubt the evil of using the ancient devices look at this infernal machine. What manner of fiend would design such a sadistic device?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Skull Catapult①"What manner of fiend would design such a sadistic device?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Skull Collector①"Your blood I'll use. Your skull I'll keep."
Skull Prophet①"I study bone because that's where truth dwells. One monster knucklebone is wiser than all that damp meat in your head."
Skull Rend①"We could never accept anyone with a face that pretty or a mind that sane."↵-Nyoser, Gore-House ringleader
Skull Saucer①No body is ready for this kind of power.
Skull Storm①A rapid and catastrophic decline.
Skull of Orm①Though lifeless, the Skull still possessed a strange power over the flow of magic.
Skull of Orm①Though lifeless, the skull still possessed a strange power over the flow of magic.
Skull of Ramos①Ramos fell, and there was night.
Skullcage①Only a focused mind can survive it.
Skullclamp①Only the most pious and devoted Imperial servants are granted the posthumous honor of becoming servo-skulls.
Skullclamp①The mind is a beautiful bounty encased in an annoying bone container.
Skullcrack①The lawmage's argument was clever and well reasoned, but Blunk's response proved irrefutable.
Skullknocker Ogre①The ogre crashed through the massive door. The winged folios scattered like frightened birds.
Skullmead Cauldron①Once tasted, the flavor of skullmead lingers in the throat, a secret brand of guilt for those who partake in forbidden pleasures.
Skullport Merchant①"Buy something or get out."
Skullport Merchant①"Buy something or move along."
Skullscorch①"A good whack on the head usually has the same effect."↵-Kamahl, pit fighter
Skulltap①"Finally, a use for that head of yours."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Sky Crier①"Breaking news! Lord Xander found dead! Suspect at large!"
Sky Diamond①Every facet a window into Oghma's divine insight.
Sky Diamond①The essence of wind to lift up the weary.
Sky Ruin Drake①"Hold up your spears. And try not to look like food."↵-Tarsa, Sea Gate sell-sword
Sky Scourer①"The Eldrazi are nothing if not thorough."↵-Jace Beleren
Sky Spirit①"Like a strain of music: easy to remember but impossible to catch."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Sky Swallower①Would you trade the world for such a pet?
Sky Terror①"Wherever the Threefold Sun shines, great wings may go."↵-Emperor Apatzec Intli III
Sky Tether①"If you can't control your mount, I will control it for you."↵-Mirela, Azorius hussar
Sky Theater Strix①Courier owls joined the fray, attacking the Dreadhorde with a viciousness usually reserved for mail thieves.
Sky Weaver①"Let my wisdom give you wings."
Sky-Blessed Samurai①Imperial samurai who show exceptional honor and dexterity are invited to train as mothriders, elite guards charged with protecting the skies of Eiganjo.
Sky-Eel School①They swim on tides few can see, away from a threat few yet understand.
Skyblade of the Legion①Vampires call the gift of flight "exultation." For their enemies, it brings only sorrow.
Skyblinder Staff①"If bats are the only thing between me and a mountain of Orzhov coins, then I'm about to be a very rich thief."
Skybridge Towers①New Capenna's districts are a series of tiers; wealth and power always rise to the top.
Skycat Sovereign①The bounty on its head is as old as Skysail, but no one has ever tried to collect.
Skyclave Basilica①"As points of no return go, it is quite epic."↵-Aelah, expedition cleric
Skyclave Cleric①"Well, she can jump farther than I can."↵-Aelah, expedition cleric
Skyclave Geopede①Wrenched from the ground like a dirt-caked rock, the ancient Skyclave wriggled with life.
Skyclave Pick-Axe①For use on cliffs and other faces.
Skyclave Relic①Skyclaves held the key to reshaping the world.
Skyclave Shadowcat①"Perhaps its distant ancestors were radiant felidars, but no hint of their nobility remains."↵-Akiri, kor line-slinger
Skyclave Squid①An ancient sea monster dragged the Murasa Skyclave under the waves, then smaller sea monsters moved in.
Skyclaw Thrash①Their newfound wings shined elegantly and functioned partially.
Skycloud Egg①"Have your dreams of a better society become an obsession?"↵-Watnik, master glassblower
Skycloud Expanse①From Otaria, the sun above meets the sea below at a glittering horizon.
Skycloud Expanse①Legend says a mighty angel appears to pilgrims in need who reach this lofty height.
Skycloud Expanse①Most denizens of the Imperial hive city live and die without ever setting foot inside the towering skyscrapers of the ruling class.
Skycloud Expanse①Remote but always watching, the soaring city of Otawara moves over Kamigawa with a purpose that few understand.
Skyfire Kirin①Its fiery visitation burns away the fog of war and dissipates the ties of loyalty.
Skyfire Phoenix①Its fury sets the clouds alight.
Skygames①Both Boros and Azorius scout the games in hopes of recruiting the finest athletes.
Skyhunter Cub①Every young leonin wishes to become a skyhunter, for they soar closest to the suns.
Skyhunter Patrol①"They are the first to raise the alarm when the levelers attack, and the first to risk their lives to defend the pride."↵-Raksha Golden Cub, leonin kha
Skyhunter Patrol①"We leonin have come to rule the plains by taking to the skies."↵-Raksha Golden Cub
Skyhunter Prowler①"If what I have seen comes to pass, we will need our guardians more than ever."↵-Ushanti, leonin seer
Skyhunter Prowler①As tireless as her mount, a skyhunter's vigil is measured in days.
Skyhunter Skirmisher①"Like dawn's first light, blind the unprepared and banish the shadows."↵-Skyhunter creed
Skyhunter Skirmisher①"Take the deadly grace and strength of the leonin, combined with a pteron mount capable of rending a foe in two and armed with notched steel. That is a skyhunter-and why Taj-Nar has never fallen."↵-Raksha Golden Cub
Skyknight Legionnaire①"I do not know which gives me more pride: the legions of soldiers marching in thunderous lockstep, or the cry of the skyknights riding their rocs like jagged lightning overhead."↵-Razia
Skyknight Legionnaire①Millennium Platform, once a monument to peace, was quickly seized by the skyknights for its strategic aerial location.
Skyknight Legionnaire①Squadrons of skyknights are available for deployment around the clock, capable of reaching any district in the city within minutes.
Skyknight Vanguard①"Jump! NOW!"
Skylasher①"It preys on those who would spy on our lands, so we never prey on it."↵-Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Skyline Predator①"It will dodge your first arrow and flatten you before there's a second."↵-Alcarus, Selesnya archer
Skyline Scout①"Sometimes an angel passes by and gives me a little nod, like, 'You're a daring one!' That always makes my day."
Skymarch Bloodletter①From the perpetual shadowsmoke that hung above the ship, a silent form emerged, lips curled with malice and anticipation.
Skymarcher Aspirant①"I was born to glory."
Skymark Roc①"Try not to look guilty. Or delicious."↵-Thorpe, street urchin
Skyraker Giant①She will not be content until hers is the highest head in the sky.
Skyreach Manta①As the dawns break, the manta soars.
Skyrider Elf①"It may be unconventional, but I'll take any steady mount in a storm."
Skyrider Trainee①"Of course I plan on going up. Kang here is the most trusted 'fin on the squad. Afraid? Me? No, I'm just . . . waiting for the right wind conditions."
Skyscanner①The municipal senate makes extensive use of the thopters, mostly to gather dirt on rival senators.
Skyscribing①"All clouds should be so organized."↵-Isperia
Skyshaper①"It'll get us to the portal, but I can't guarantee what it'll do to the ship."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Skyship Plunderer①Escapes should always be daring.
Skyshroud Archer①In Rath, arrows are guided not by virtue but by necessity.
Skyshroud Blessing①"Behold," said Freyalise to Eladamri. "Your Skyshroud home has followed you to Dominaria."
Skyshroud Claim①The forest's constant struggle is to keep the spreading flowstone at bay.
Skyshroud Condor①Condor's flight augurs sleepless night.↵-Skyshroud proverb
Skyshroud Elf①"It is our duty to endure."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Skyshroud Elite①"Civilization is a conspiracy to disguise the mutilation of nature."↵-Skyshroud elite creed
Skyshroud Falcon①The earliest mystics believed that the falcon slit the sky to let the light break through.
Skyshroud Falcon①The falcon slits the sky to let the light drip through.↵-Kor saying
Skyshroud Poacher①"It's OK. They're just elves."
Skyshroud Ranger①"Just as you see the grave and remember the friend, I see this forest and remember Llanowar."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Skyshroud Ranger①Not even the elves truly know the Skyshroud Forest. The rangers are merely the best equipped to handle its uncertainty.
Skyshroud Troll①The elves and merfolk have nothing but bitterness for each other. The trolls, however, find them both rather tasty.
Skyshroud Troopers①"We were not made for war. Like flowstone, Volrath shaped us to it."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Skyshroud Vampire①"If it tastes one drop of elvish blood I will cast it from the shroud to see it burn."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Skysnare Spider①The only thing more ill-tempered than a griffin in a web is the spider that must subdue it.
Skyspear Cavalry①Pray her spear reaches you first. Her griffin is less kind.
Skystreamer①Victories at Valor's Reach are broadcast via griffins in the sky above.
Skyswimmer Koi①Once they swam alone among the clouds, but now the people of Kamigawa have built high enough to reach them.
Skyswirl Harrier①The great birds dive through the sky, wings skimming the aether streams, to fall upon their unsuspecting prey.
Skyward Eye Prophets①They lament the doom that is coming to Bant without realizing the part their own leaders have played in it.
Skywarp Skaab①"If I wanted all the parts to match, I wouldn't have become a stitcher."↵-Barton, stitcher
Skyway Sniper①"No sight is more beautiful than a clear sky."
Skywhaler's Shot①In the moment of truth, it is as though time stands still, and the whale waits, suspended in the sky.
Skywinder Drake①It's so light and fragile that it can glide where the air is thinnest.
Skywing Aven①"I am as the wind that bears me: harsh yet gentle, fleeting yet ever-present. Together we fly beyond imagination."
Skywise Teachings①Ojutai's words must be translated from Draconic before his students can benefit from their wisdom.
Slab Hammer①Neither subtle nor pretty.
Slag Fiend①"Seal the furnace vents. Admit no others. We'll tend our forges without their tainted ways."↵-Decree of Urabrask
Slag Strider①Imbued with life by a stray bolt of spellcraft, it began to wander about the foundry, to the blacksmiths' alarm.
Slagstorm①"As long as we have the will to fight, we are never without weapons."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Slagwoods Bridge①The path to action is forged in confidence.
Slash Panther①It runs an endless circuit along the ruined roads of the soon-to-be-forgotten Mirran civilization.
Slash of Talons①"The amber sun smokes with fury, gazing on foes that gather like ants invading our home. We are ready! Blade and claw strike as one."↵-Huatli
Slash the Ranks①The generals each surveyed their devastated forces. Then, slowly, they turned to each other and raised their swords.
Slashing Tiger①"Unless you enter the tiger's lair, you cannot get hold of the tiger's cubs."↵-Sun Tzu, *Art of War* (trans. Giles)
Slashing Tiger①"Unless you enter the tiger's lair, you cannot get hold of the tiger's cubs."↵-Sun Tzu, Art of War (trans. Giles)
Slate Street Ruffian①"Merciless to the point of psychosis. Let's give him a job."↵-Zelinas, Orzhov recruiter
Slate of Ancestry①The pattern of life can be studied like a book, if you know how to read it.
Slaughter Cry①"Since when did 'AIIIEEEE!' become a negotiation tactic?"↵-Nikou, Joraga bard
Slaughter Cry①It's rather embarrassing to end up with your head mounted over his hearth.
Slaughter Drone①It kills what is, making way for what should not be.
Slaughter Pact①Death is only the beginning of the end.
Slaughter Specialist①From every kill, a gruesome trophy.
Slaughter the Strong①"Cut the beasts out from under them and their strength is nothing."↵-Vona of Iedo, Butcher of Magan
Slaughter the Strong①It was a big day for the gravediggers at Cliffside Cemetery.
Slaughter-Priest of Mogis①"Mogis is pleased by this offering. Bring him more!"
Slaughterhorn①The Orzhov clergy would never cross its path, but sending thrull couriers to do so is cheap and entertaining.
Slaughterhouse Bouncer①A Rakdos party is a flop if anyone lives to talk about it.
Slave of Bolas①Nicol Bolas doesn't distinguish between servants and victims.
Slavering Nulls①Having lost their minds, they now want yours.
Slayer of the Wicked①You don't want to see his trophy room.
Slayer's Cleaver①"Don't stop chopping until the pieces stop wiggling."↵-Rem Karolus, Slayer of Eldrazi
Slayers' Stronghold①Its courtyards are lit during every hour of the day so that night may never fall within its walls.
Slaying Fire①The purest virtue burns brighter than the sun and hotter than dragonfire.
Slay①The elves had the edge in guile, skill, and valor. But in the end, only sheer numbers mattered.
Sleek Schooner①The pirates had left the open sea behind, but they were still in their element: reckless adventure.
Sleep Paralysis①Sleep doesn't always mean rest.
Sleep of the Dead①Normally, a cerberus sleeps one head at a time.
Sleeper Dart①"Sleep now, you big brute."↵-Kelsien, the Plague
Sleep①"I give them dreams so wondrous that they hesitate to return to the world of the conscious."↵-Garild, merfolk mage
Sleight of Hand①"Gambling with mages never is."↵-Remin, venerable monk
Sleight of Hand①"Most people believe magic is only a trick. Why change their minds?"
Slice in Twain①"The hypocrisy of these elves is thicker than steel-destroying 'unnatural metal' with their own enchanted swords."↵-Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Slice in Twain①The magic of the River Heralds is so great that even a single shaman can fend off a pirate landing party.
Slight Malfunction①"Attention, valued patrons. The Tilt-o-Squirrel is now closed."↵-Astrotorium public address system
Slime Molding①"Give me enough refuse and mana and I will summon an ooze that can engulf all of Ravnica."↵-Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Slimebind①"Relax. It's quite harmless. And it will dissolve completely in a month or two."↵-Navona, Simic field tester
Slimefoot, the Stowaway①As Jhoira restored the *Weatherlight*, a mushroom growing in its hold unexpectedly became her first crew member.
Slimy Kavu①Its slime liquefies the ground as efficiently as its fangs shred prey.
Sling-Gang Lieutenant①Freshly promoted to "first rock," Zaz was eager to make an impact.
Slingbow Trap①The Tajuru elves devised ways to let the forest defend itself.
Slingshot Goblin①It's most effective when it doesn't eat the ammunition.
Slinking Giant①"I need a better hiding place."
Slinking Serpent①It winds its way through undergrowth as easily as it swims through shallows.
Slinking Skirge①Davvol encouraged the skirges; they made excellent sentries and were quite edible if properly seasoned.
Slip Out the Back①"I was never here."
Slip Through Space①The Eldrazi twisted in a direction that had no name, and a frontal assault became a panicked rout.
Slippery Bogle①Bogles are very tasty if you can get the skin off. It's getting a blade on them that's the problem.
Slippery Bogle①Ogle the bogle, or goggle the boggle? Doesn't matter. You weren't going to catch it anyway.
Slippery Scoundrel①"I'd rather be caught red-handed than leave empty-handed!"
Slipstream Eel①"It's a fine way to travel, if you don't mind the smell."
Sliptide Serpent①It's futile to fight something you can see only in the corner of your eye.
Slith Ascendant①Instinctively drawn to the light of its "mother-sun," each slith follows that sun's path around Mirrodin.
Slith Bloodletter①Goblins fear the slith, believing they are children banished from the womb of the Steel Mother, deep within Kuldotha.
Slith Firewalker①The slith incubate in the Great Furnace's heat, emerging on Mirrodin's surface only when the four suns have aligned overhead.
Slith Predator①Born amid the molten metal of the Great Furnace, the slith have more than adapted to the perils of a metal world.
Slith Strider①A slith's form and function are determined by the color of the sun under which it's born.
Slither Blade①Some naga initiates move as silently as the suns' reflections on the water.
Slither Blade①Some naga initiates move as silently the suns' reflections on the water.
Slitherbore Pathway①"The Cosmos Serpent carved these tunnels, and his echo remains, a twisting aura of ferocity and boundless growth."↵-Haugar, Kannah wayfinder
Slitherhead①"It makes better use of Uncle Dragi's head than he ever did."↵-Pesha, retired blacksmith
Slitherwisp①Fear is its habitat, sanity its prey.
Sliv-Mizzet, Hivemind①(^17S)180° = (Z->)90°
Sliver Construct①Slivers destroy those who come close to the Skep, the central hive. Shards of torn metal litter the ground as a warning to any artificers inquisitive about the hive's inner workings.
Sliver Hivelord①"This is the source, the line unbroken since the calamity that brought such monsters to our shores."↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Sliver Legion①Hidden within the clicking, chittering swarm is a unique mind, still young, but growing more aware as time passes.
Sliver Overlord①The end of evolution.
Sliver Queen, Brood Mother①Though long held captive beneath Volrath's stronghold, the sliver queen is actually freer than most of Rath's denizens. Her maternal instincts always take precedence-even when they conflict with the evincar's agenda-and through her numerous litters, she ranges across all of Rath.
Sliver Queen①Her children are ever part of her.
Sliversmith①After centuries of labor, its creations outnumber those they were to mimic.
Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer①"I used to joke that he had been exiled for being too smart. Now I know why he never laughed."↵-Glissa Sunseeker
Sludge Monster①Tracking it isn't the hard part.
Sludge Strider①Underneath the cities of Esper are cycles of life unseen by those who feed them.
Sluggishness①Vark decided to lie down and think of a good excuse to quit working.
Slum Reaper①It's sent into unguilded districts by the Orzhov to collect the souls of those no one will miss.
Slum Reaper①The outskirts of Golgari territory are guarded by more than just walls.
Sly Instigator①"Me? I'm just an innocent bystander!"
Sly Spy①The Agents of S.N.E.A.K.-Serious, Nonstop Espionage and Kidnapping.
Sly Spy①The Agents of S.N.E.A.K.-Silent Ninjas Evading Any Kapture.
Sly Spy①The Agents of S.N.E.A.K.-Sinister Nerds Eliminating All Knowledge.
Sly Spy①The Agents of S.N.E.A.K.-Skilled, Notably Efficient Assassin-Kickers.
Sly Spy①The Agents of S.N.E.A.K.-Spies Nimbly Eluding Adversaries' Knives.
Sly Spy①The Agents of S.N.E.A.K.-Subpar, Notoriously Evil Agent Killers.
Smallpox①"Great losses often bring only a numb shock. To truly plunge a victim into misery, you must overwhelm him with many small sufferings."↵-Ratadrabik of Urborg
Smallpox①"Great losses often bring only a numb shock. To truly plunge a victim into misery, you must overwhelm them with many small sufferings."↵-Ratadrabik of Urborg
Smallpox①Take away a few things, and a rebellion may ensue. Take away everything, and the oppression will be accepted as fate.
Smart Ass①"I don't get it. Why doesn't anybody like me?"
Smash to Smithereens①"All of these old relics have one thing in common. Every last one of them is made of smithereens."↵-Zada of Slab Haven
Smash to Smithereens①"All these old relics have one thing in common. Every last one of them is made of smithereens."↵-Zada of Slab Haven
Smash to Smithereens①The giant Tarvik dreamed that trinkets and machines caused all the world's woe. When he awoke from his troubled sleep, he took the name Tarvik Relicsmasher.
Smashing Success①"Who said there's no profit in destruction?"↵-Magda, brazen outlaw
Smash①"They're ugly, and they're in my way."↵-Tahngarth
Smash①Ravnica's laws protect not its citizens but its industry. Aging equipment is destroyed rather than restored, to bring more money into the factories' coffers.
Smell Fear①"It's fun when they run a little."↵-Wasitora, Nekoru queen
Smelt-Ward Ignus①"Come in, yes? Is warm!"
Smelt-Ward Minotaur①"Don't arrest him-enlist him!"↵-Commander Yaszen
Smelt①"Looks like that wasn't darksteel after all."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Smelt①The creation of new weapons demands the destruction of others.
Smite the Monstrous①"Darkness always flees from the light, and I am the breaking dawn."↵-Kordain, luminarch of Kabira
Smite the Monstrous①"The dragons thought they were too strong to be tamed, too large to fall. And where are they now?"↵-Khibat the Revered
Smite the Monstrous①After watching the kor in battle, Gideon understood the difference between working together and working as one.
Smite the Monstrous①The changing of a single moment in Tarkir's past altered its future, rewriting its history.
Smite the Monstrous①Though the old holy wards and roadside shrines have begun to fail, faith in Avacyn still holds true power.
Smite①"Sure, today of all days, he asked to borrow my boots!"↵-Darijo, Ivy Street ruffian
Smite①"The mighty rely solely on their strength. They are shocked when we do the same."↵-Tars Olan, kor world-gift
Smite①"You've got your childhood wish at last. Now you get to die."↵-Gerrard, to Volrath
Smiting Helix①Malice is appropriate when vengeance is called for.
Smitten Swordmaster①"My quest? Why, to marry Ayara. Or die trying."
Smog Elemental①"The skies used to be my refuge, a place of peace away from the chaos below. Now, with every flight, death seems to follow me like a shadow."↵-Writings of Cica, Skyjek scout
Smogsteed Rider①"An entire order of mages who draw their power from Ravnica's smog? Yet another indicator of our world's decay."↵-Dravash, dowsing shaman
Smoke Teller①"See your enemies from a thousand sides. Then you will find a thousand ways to kill them."
Smokebraider①"Be silent and listen to your inner fire. Only then can you walk the Path of Flame."
Smokespew Invoker①The Mirari festers in its flesh.
Smolder Initiate①"Life is a circle. Death is a vicious circle."
Smoldering Butcher①A cinder's axe bears no marks from parrying a foe's blade.
Smoldering Efreet①The efreet are drawn to the Kaisham Wanderers, a loosely organized Jeskai school where trickery is employed to challenge the status quo and upend the belief systems of others.
Smoldering Marsh①The continent of Guul Draz is a geothermal swampland reeking of heat and decay.
Smoldering Werewolf①"Never thought I'd see the day I'd be wishing to see just a plain old werewolf."↵-Raf Gyel of the Quiver of Kessig
Smothering Tithe①"I await your donation."↵-Dasha, Orzhov priest
Smothering Tithe①"Oh, how I love gold. I'd eat and breathe it if I could."↵-Leland, tax collector
Smothering Tithe①A witch once foretold that Glavin would die surrounded by unimaginable wealth. Until that moment, he'd taken that to mean he'd be rich.
Smother①"Before I hire new recruits, I test how long they can hold their breath. You'd be surprised how often it comes up."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Smother①"I can't hear them scream, but at least I don't have to listen to them beg."↵-Phage the Untouchable
Smuggler's Copter①Don't forget to thank the Bus Driver.
Smuggler's Share①One way or another, everyone gets paid what they're owed.
Snake Basket①"Uh, does anyone have a flute?"↵-Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Snake Pit①If the ground is smooth, the way will be rough.↵-Deepwood saying
Snake of the Golden Grove①Some fruits are best left ungathered.
Snakeform①Losing his possessions distressed him, but the lack of limbs was strangely liberating.
Snakeskin Veil①"Does a serpent roar and chase its prey? No. A serpent waits silently for oblivious prey to draw near."
Snakeskin Veil①"Never reject the kindness of a serpent. It will not be offered twice."↵-Druidic manuscript fragment
Snapback①"If it returns years hence, our knowledge of how to combat it will be that much greater."↵-Andorel, Tolarian sentinel
Snapping Creeper①Its vast network of roots and vines keeps it aware of distant dangers.
Snapping Drake①Drakes claim to be dragons-until the dragons show up.
Snapping Drake①Foul-tempered, poorly trained, and mule-stubborn, the drake is the perfect test of the master's will.
Snapping Drake①The irritable drakes are solitary nesters. Even brooding females barely contain the urge to attack their own young.
Snapping Gnarlid①All of Zendikar's beings sense the upheaval that accompanies the Eldrazi.
Snapping Sailback①Lurking beneath the murky waters of Ixalan's rivers, sailbacks can rip a meal off the shore in the blink of an eye.
Snapsail Glider①Built from a reconfigured thresher, it charges with light reflected off the golden plain, ready to take to the air in case of danger.
Snap①Good riddance.
Snap①It doesn't matter if the mind or body cracks first. They both have to go.
Snare Tactician①"Our volleys don't aim to kill. Impair them and the ground will do the rest."↵-Alux, Skysail defender
Snare Thopter①"I did not think I would understand the cold filigree creatures of this world, but they too are governed by the laws of nature."↵-Nissa Revane
Snare the Skies①A hunter's precision and a durkvine's strength are a potent combination.
Snarespinner①"Let's lure the drakes to the webs over the Samok Stand. Keep the spiders content."↵-Aurelia
Snarespinner①In the rich jungles of Yavimaya, bright colors are the perfect camouflage.
Snarling Undorak①Most creatures in the Krosan Forest feared the Mirari's power. A few fed upon it.
Snarling Wolf①"Oh, thank the angels. It's not a werewolf, just a regular wo-"↵-Bruno, Ulvenwald guide, last words
Sneak Attack①"Keep watch? Why? Nothing going to mess with us. We too big and scary."
Sneak Attack①"Nothin' beat surprise-'cept rock."
Sneaking Guide①"I swear, it's a shortcut."
Sneaky Homunculus①Keep watch only for the giants and you'll be eaten by the ants.
Snickering Squirrel①"In this line of work, you've got to know how to squirrel things away. Quite literally, in my case."
Snorting Gahr①There's little advantage to surprising the gahr.
Snow Day①"Advanced Elemental Manifestations is canceled until all students have thawed."↵-Prismari dormitory notice
Snow Devil①"Give me wings to fly and speed to strike. In return, the glory I earn shall be yours."↵-Steinar Icefist, Balduvian Shaman
Snow Devil①"Give me wings to fly and speed to strike. In return, the glory I earn shall be yours."↵-Steinar Icefist, Balduvian shaman
Snow Hound①"If you're starving, eat your horses, your dead, or yourself-but *never* eat your dog."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Snow Mercy①WARNING: Shake gently. Contents may cause choking, hypothermia, and/or planar invasion.
Snowfield Sinkhole①"Young Vitima bellowed to the Cosmos, daring the gods to punish her hubris! Well, she got their attention, as you can see."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Snowhorn Rider①Sure-footed, strong-willed, and ill-tempered-and so is the ram.
Snubhorn Sentry①They're fun to train-if you like stubborn, aggressive, and fiercely territorial.
Snuff Out①"The bigger they are, the faster they rot."
Snuff Out①Squee watched his Kyren cousins fall with a mixture of sympathy and relief.
So Tiny①His sword sounded like a silver chime on the glass jar, and the sprite laughed with delight.
Soaring Drake①The already spectacular views from the towers of the College at Lat-Nam are sometimes enhanced by glimpses of drakes diving into the ocean to devour small sharks.
Soaring Show-Off①Some spectators love an underdog, but others are just as happy to support a proven winner.
Soar①"Would you give up your hands to fly? That is what the birds have done."↵-*The One Thousand Questions*
Social Climber①"It's all about who you know, darling. And now you're lucky enough to know me."
Soilshaper①It spoke with the voice of nature, but its words were curses spat upon humankind.
Sojourner's Companion①Before Phyrexia's corruption, many of Mirrodin's creatures were more curious than cruel.
Sokenzan Bruiser①"We camped near the Sokenzan Mountains. Though I know its inhabitants are sparse, I hear cries coming from the highest peaks every night, as if the mountains themselves bellow for vengeance."↵-Lost Battalion, message to General Takeno
Sokenzan Smelter①Among the artisans of Sokenzan City, reusing every scrap of metal is a point of pride.
Sol Grail①"Look deep into the Grail, and see there what you desire most."↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Sol Ring①"As Horus once besieged the Sol System, we shall bring the rotting Imperium to its knees."↵-Abaddon the Despoiler
Sol Ring①"Every bead tells a story. They speak of the obstacles we overcome. They speak of the communities we build, the milk we offer our friends, and the land that feeds our people. We weave meaning, tradition, and strength into everything."
Sol Ring①"Of all the stars in the Galaxy, Sol is of the Emperor. Its heat is His might. Its light is His revelation."↵-*Lectitio Divinitatus*
Sol Ring①"Once, the C'tan sought to rule us. Now it is they who serve us, their shards powering our great machines."↵-Szarekh, the Silent King
Sol Ring①"One day, the dark glory of the void will swallow the light of the stars once and for all!"↵-Magus Lucea Kane
Sol Ring①An arcane device with the power to rouse armies, raze enemies, and reward emperors.
Sol Ring①Deep within the forsaken cavern, a new shadow emerged to devour the light.
Sol Ring①Deep within the heart of the forest, a new sun flared to life.
Sol Ring①It took the reclusive Venya Sangmi a lifetime to realize her childhood vision: a band of sunlight made solid.
Sol Ring①Lost to time is the artificer's art of trapping light from a distant star in a ring of purest gold.
Sol Ring①The relic had been kept for years in a place of power, of community, and of friendship-distilling magic from the light of love.
Sol Talisman①It contains the energy of a dying star, caught at the moment of its explosion.
Sol, Advocate Eternal①Heroes endure; legends prevail.
Solar Blaze①"The primary weapon is nothing more than light. It shows them what they are, and they burn of their own accord."↵-Aurelia
Soldevi Adnate①"An idiot cannot hear sense, even when a thousand people speak it."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Adnate①"People love to follow fools; they don't feel so alone then."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Digger①"This ceaseless device has helped uncover marvels unreachable by mere flesh."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Digger①"This ceaseless device has helped uncover marvels unreachable by mere flesh."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Soldevi Golem①Slow and steady wins the race.
Soldevi Heretic①"In the arms of tragedy, there is little comfort in being right."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Heretic①"It cannot be! Soldev crushed, and my machines to blame?"↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Machinist①"Perhaps this time the power of the artificers shall be used wisely."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Sage①"Our underground archives grow daily, as our excavators and sages alike dig to uncover hidden wonders."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Sage①"To hide the truth is more than folly-it is fatal."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Sage①"To hide the truth is more than folly-it is fatal."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Soldevi Sentry①"A dreadful invention. What ease is there under the watchful eye of cold steel?"↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Sentry①"Our newfound security enables us to turn more of our attentions to the wonders that lie deep within the soil."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Simulacrum①They look human- until they bleed.
Soldevi Simulacrum①They look human-until they bleed.
Soldevi Steam Beast①"Dagsson saw the steam as life-giving-until his followers felt its scalding touch."↵-Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Steam Beast①"Nothing has ever broken my heart so much as this-the betrayal of Soldev by my beloved machines!"↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldier Replica①It fights with inhuman vigor.
Soldier of Fortune①"Loyalty to coin alone is loyalty nonetheless."↵-General Varchild
Soldier of the Pantheon①"I hear the gods' voices in my dreams each night, and I offer bloody trophies on their altars each day."
Sole Performer①Elven tap is the official language of three very obnoxious planets.
Solemn Offering①"A relic donation is suggested."↵"The suggestion is mandatory."↵-Temple signs
Solemn Offering①"You will be reimbursed for your donation.""The reimbursement is spiritual."↵-Temple signs
Solemn Offering①"You will be reimbursed for your donation."↵"The reimbursement is spiritual."↵-Temple signs
Solemn Recruit①"I can no longer sit in my workshop and ignore the events outside. My hammers strike for the people of Ghirapur."
Solemnity①The arrival of the God-Pharaoh marked a betrayal of both gods and mortals.
Solfatara①"A burst of hot air tossed the moon into the air, and the moon liked it up there so much it never needed the ground again."↵-Azeworai, "Glitter Moon"
Solidarity①"We must all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately."↵-Benjamin Franklin
Solidarity①Their commitment to Serra is as solid as any shield.
Solitary Camel①Deserts are inhospitable, not uninhabitable.
Solitary Hunter①"Making a living in Kessig is hard, but I've learned some tricks of the trade."
Soliton①The gemini engines had lost connection with each other and wandered apart, developing an independent awareness of their surroundings.
Soltari Crusader①"Carry war to the Dauthi, no matter the way, no matter the world."↵-Soltari battle chant
Soltari Emissary①Alone at the portal, Ertai began his meditation. He realized immediately that he was not alone.
Soltari Foot Soldier①"Children of the Ruins, raised to be warriors, know that life begins when another speaks their names."↵-Soltari *Tales of Life*
Soltari Lancer①"In times of war the victors rarely save their best for last."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Soltari Lancer①"In times of war the victors rarely save their best for last."↵-Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Soltari Monk①"Prayer rarely explains."↵-Orim, Samite healer
Soltari Priest①"Fire is the test of gold; adversity, of strong men."↵-Seneca, "On Providence," trans. Basore
Soltari Priest①"In Rath," the priest said, "there is even greater need for prayer."
Soltari Trooper①"Dauthi blood is Soltari wine."↵-Soltari *Tales of Life*
Soltari Trooper①"Dauthi blood is Soltari wine."↵-Soltari Tales of Life
Soltari Trooper①"Dauthi blood is soltari wine."↵-Soltari Tales of Life
Solve the Equation①"Whoever Tezzeret is working with is after more than the Emperor."↵-Tamiyo
Solve the Equation①Zimone's brilliance drew attention from many, including the sinister mages known as the Oriq.
Somber Hoverguard①The vedalken interrogate all intruders-once the hoverguards are done with them.
Somberwald Dryad①The Somberwald is her domain, and she has yet to hear an acceptable excuse for trespassing.
Somberwald Sage①"You can face any danger when all of nature is on your side."
Somberwald Spider①Stensian vampires encourage spiders near their manors so they can rob the webs.
Somberwald Stag①Despite the reemergence of werewolves and the proliferation of Eldrazi, elk numbers in the Somberwald have remained steady.
Somberwald Vigilante①He has nothing left but his resentment.
Some Disassembly Required①Now all they needed was a jolly, happy soul.
Somnomancer①"Are you tired? You look tired."
Song of Blood①Purraj sang slaughter and danced death.
Song of Creation①She wept, not from perfect understanding, but from serene gratitude.
Song of Serenity①Heartwood brings peace in great symphonies where dryads conduct the trees through every note.
Song of the Dryads①Few who encounter the strange, human-like grove leave once the lilting chorus of the dryads reaches their ears.
Song of the Worldsoul①"Mat'Selesnya sings out, and life flourishes in answer."
Song-Mad Ruins①"They call it the Singing City, but those eerie sounds aren't music. They worm their way into your brain until rational thought is impossible."↵-Yavotz, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Song-Mad Treachery①"I'm not proud of the things I did. But all I could think about at the time was how to make the noise stop."↵-Yavotz, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Songs of the Damned①Not wind, but the breath of the dead.
Songstitcher①The true names of birds are songs woven into their souls.
Sonic Assault①He heard stars and saw thunder.
Sonic Burst①Music scythes the savage beast.
Sonorous Howlbonder①The call of the wild is rarely a solo.
Soot Imp①"If one gets in your chimney, you're going to need a long wick and a barrel of bangstuff to get it out."↵-Hob Heddil
Sootfeather Flock①They pick at the remains of the city's corpse.
Soothing Balm①Orim taught Ta-Karnst and the other Cho-Arrim healers a far less invasive method of healing.
Soothsayer Adept①One of the first lessons divination students learn is how to recognize the difference between a portent and a simple surface ripple.
Soothsayer①In your future I see both fortune and misfortune... and plenty of gold for me
Soothsaying①The vizier's wisdom proved invaluable in untangling the Mercadian knot of lies.
Sootstoke Kindler①"Nothing warms my heart better than a spirit kindled with rage."
Sootwalkers①"Why allow the fires of others to burn, when ours do not? Why leave them content, while we suffer? If there is to be misery, let it be borne by all."
Sophic Centaur①He endures the pain of remembering Krosa as it once was and hopes that a future generation will have need of his memories.
Sophina, Spearsage Deserter①"Track the rot. See how far it goes."
Soratami Cloudskater①"You hide your actions from eyes on the ground, but nothing escapes the clouds."
Soratami Mirror-Mage①"The clouds obey my whims, and you'll obey theirs."
Soratami Savant①"To prevent, one must first predict."
Soratami Seer①Their mirrors show two worlds: that which is and that which should be.
Soraya the Falconer①"Soraya speaks with the hunters of the air, as do all of her family line."↵-Autumn Willow
Sorcerer of the Fang①"The Great Serpent slumbers now, but all warmbloods will grovel in the dirt at its awakening!"
Sorcerer's Broom①"Reynald wished for an army to sweep away his enemies. The fae king smiled."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Sorcerer's Strongbox①Simun the Quiet filled the chest with his most precious thoughts. But in a fit of paranoia, he locked up the memory of where he hid the key.
Sorceress Queen①"We have always counted time with sand; this pinch is your meaningless life."↵-Nailah, self-proclaimed Queen of Rabiah
Sorcerous Sight①Do not react; anticipate.
Sorin's Guide①"My people serve the dragon Kolaghan, but I give my blood for a greater lord."
Sorin's Thirst①"All your steel won't protect you if your will is weak."
Sorin's Thirst①"I see you're out of the wall."↵-Nahiri
Sorin's Vengeance①"Cherish these last moments. Though your miserable life has come to nothing, I have given it a magnificent end."
Soul Barrier①"The Soul selects her own Society- Then-shuts the Door-"↵-Emily Dickinson, "The Soul selects her own Society"
Soul Barrier①"There's more than one way to skin an Ouphe-or thwart a mage."↵-Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Soul Bleed①Whether the end comes swift or slow, it always comes too soon.
Soul Channeling①Driven by masters more terrible than the Mercadians could imagine, the dark overseers would pay any price to keep their shipwrights working.
Soul Charmer①She seeks the warmth of the living.
Soul Conduit①"You have an unhealthy attachment to your selfhood. I can help you with that."↵-Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Soul Diviner①As the Eternal's cold fingers tightened around his throat, Domri realized what kind of master he had rushed to serve.
Soul Feast①"I smell the tang of a mortal's fresh blood. I hear it sliding wetly beneath its skin. My hunger cannot refuse the invitation."↵-Yuri, Sengir vampire
Soul Feast①As no one has ever accepted a second invitation to Davvol's table, the evincar often dines alone.
Soul Feast①Evil often dines alone.
Soul Feast①You are who you eat.
Soul Link①They danced like puppets to a tune only Yawgmoth could hear.
Soul Manipulation①"Birth and death are both reversible."↵-Nicol Bolas
Soul Nova①Within seconds, the nim was consumed in blinding sunfire. Afterwards, only a puddle of molten iron remained.
Soul Parry①"I was called to this world of steel, and it will be my steel that answers."↵-Elspeth
Soul Parry①"I was called to this world of steel, and it will be my steel that answers."↵-Elspeth Tirel
Soul Reap①Their thoughtweft carried Darial's last thoughts back to his doun. They sorely wished it had not.
Soul Rend①"Since I cannot stop death, I choose to stop life."↵-Kaervek
Soul Salvage①The first mistake the Grimnant knights made was bullying the owner of an Urborg corpse shop. Their second mistake was dying.
Soul Sculptor①Does the stone mimic life, or did it once live?
Soul Sear①There was no witty retort, no confident boast to accompany the attack. There was only pain.
Soul Shatter①The Kargan tribes share legends of the victory their ancestors won over the Akoum Skyclave, and its horrendous cost.
Soul Shepherd①"The sidar who raised me had a saying: 'The first step into death is the hardest.'"↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Soul Shred①It would be a shame to let life slip away to nothing.
Soul Snare①"Body and spirit are sworn enemies. They will take any excuse to be rid of each other."↵-Tariel, Reckoner of Souls
Soul Snare①"Shackle the body, and the anguish lasts only until death. Shackle the soul, and the wicked can be punished for eternity."↵-Inquisitor Laerin
Soul Snare①"Shackled the body, and the anguish lasts only until death. Shackle the soul, and the wicked can be punished for eternity."↵-Inquisitor Laerin
Soul Snuffers①They once sought to unite with the flame of transcendence. Now they seek only to extinguish the lights of others.
Soul Strings①Everyone is manipulated. It's just more obvious with the dead.
Soul Summons①Ugin's magic reaches beyond the dragons. The clans have adapted it for war.
Soul Swallower①Being engulfed is just the beginning of the nightmare.
Soul Swindler①"Three tries to decide your fate! Fabulous prizes! Probably no untold torment!"
Soul Warden①"One does not question the size or shape of the grains of sand in an hourglass. Nor do I question the temperament of the souls under my guidance."
Soul Warden①Count carefully the souls and see that none are lost.↵-Vec teaching
Soul of Emancipation①Light poured from every crack as the sleepers awoke from their long stone slumber.
Soul of Magma①"In every other mind, the battle was lost. General Takeno alone was not touched by despair. Drawing his blade, he was attack and rallying cry in one."↵-*Battle of Akagi River: A Survivor's Tale*
Soul of the Harvest①It's there when a seed sprouts, when gourds ripen on the vines, and when the reapers cut the grains under the Harvest Moon.
Soul of the Rapids①With Kumena in control of the Immortal Sun, the rapids rose from their riverbeds and the waterfalls took flight.
Soul's Attendant①In truth, her own faith was gone, trodden in Ulamog's wake. She pantomimed the blessing in the hope that it would inspire others to continue to struggle.
Soul's Fire①An avatar he sculpts of anger and flame.
Soul's Grace①An avatar he sculpts of fellowship and light.
Soul's Majesty①An avatar he sculpts of wisdom and strength.
Soul's Might①An avatar he sculpts of instinct and force.
Soul-Guide Gryff①It conducts the souls of the righteous to their blessed rest and the spirits of the evil to justice.
Soulblade Djinn①He grants endless wishes, as long as you always wish for a blade.
Soulbound Guardians①The kor's most righteous dead are given the greatest reward: an eternity tied to the land they so cherish.
Soulbright Flamekin①When provoked, a flamekin's inner fire burns far hotter than any giant's forge.
Soulcage Fiend①Vowing to free the souls of her children, Kastinne followed the tormentors into the ghastly network of caves below Stensia.
Soulcatcher①"Holy couriers guide aven spirits up to the home of the Ancestor."↵-Mystic elder
Soulcatcher①"Their spirits walk the winds and fill my soul."
Souldrinker①Don't drink and thrive.
Soulfire Eruption①Forsake flesh. Choose fire.
Soulherder①It watches over every absence.
Soulknife Spy①"My psychic blade cuts the mind and severs thoughts. Even if you survive, you'll never remember I was here."
Soulless One①"Surrender your soul to me."
Soulmender①"Healing is more art than magic. Well, there is still quite a bit of magic."
Soulquake①The Maelstrom sent a wave of raw mana through the battlefield, carrying off the fighting and fallen alike.
Soulreaper of Mogis①"We offer to Mogis the blood of the weak, and in return he makes us strong."
Souls of the Faultless①"More horrible than their empty forms are their noble eyes. I dare not strike."↵-Klattic, Boros legionnaire
Soulscour①"I have seen the end of times, a future in which all our kind are torn from this world."↵-Ushanti, leonin shaman
Soulshriek①"The flesh is a casket for the soul."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Soulsurge Elemental①It draws its strength from those around it, but the pleasure of destruction is all its own.
Soulsworn Jury①In death, as in life, they protect the Grand Arbiter from exposure to contrary points of view.
Sound the Call①"If you call the wolves, ensure you have a worthy hunt, or you may become the hunted."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Southern Elephant①Neither predator nor prey, the elephant chooses its place in the battle.
Southern Elephant①While defending their southern borders, both the Wu and Shu kingdoms fought against the barbarians' trained elephants.
Southern Paladin①"How can anyone fight so much yet enjoy it so little?"↵-The Western Paladin
Southern Paladin①"Look to the south; there you will find peace and serenity."↵-*The Book of Tal*
Sovereign's Bite①"You have given all to your kingdom, dear knight. Serenity shall be your prize."↵-Queen Lian
Sower of Temptation①Moth to my light, cease resistance.↵Hand over the reins to your mind.
Sower of Temptation①One glamer leads him far from home. The next washes away his memory that home was ever anywhere but at her side.
Space Marine Scout①Through blood and battle, scouts are forged from raw recruits into the Imperium's finest.
Spara's Headquarters①To most, the Nido Sanctuary is an office complex. To the Brokers, it's a vault of secrets.
Spare Supplies①"It's better to carry a little extra weight than to find yourself halfway down a baloth's throat with no knife."↵-Doral, Bala Ged guide
Spare from Evil①"As long as we can utter a prayer or lift a weapon, we have the power to fight back."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Spark Elemental①Vulshok shamans could never keep them alive for more than a few seconds, yet those few seconds seemed to be enough.
Spark Elemental①Vulshok shamans summon spark elementals to burn paths through thick underbrush-or through goblin salvage squads.
Spark Harvest①With the harvest of Domri's spark, the Elderspell began to fuel Bolas's ascension to godhood.
Spark Jolt①Acolytes of Purphoros hammer the world until they see the sparks of change.
Spark Mage①The Pardic Mountains are known for their spicy cuisine.
Spark Reaper①"I know they're unstoppable fighters created to harvest souls-it's just they're so rude about it."↵-Kaya
Spark Spray①It's the only kind of shower goblins will tolerate.
Spark Trooper①Izzet-designed conductors atop Sunhome charge empty sets of armor that give form to the fluctuating elementals.
Spark of Creativity①"To invent is to rebel."↵-Pia Nalaar
Sparkmage Apprentice①Pajik was amazed and pleased at his newfound powers. His pet cat Rivin was slightly less enthusiastic.
Sparkmage Apprentice①Sparkmages are performance artists of sorts, but pain is the price of admission.
Sparkmage's Gambit①"A touch of lightning, and anyone can be taught to dance."↵-Tobin, sparkmage
Sparksmith①"If it didn't hurt, how would I know it worked?"
Sparktongue Dragon①Fools believe that Kolaghan's brood follows lightning storms. The wise know that it is the other way around.
Sparring Construct①The trainers were a gift of gratitude from the wizards of Tolaria West to the knights of New Benalia for their aid during the Talas Incursion.
Sparring Golem①"Part drill sergeant, part training dummy," thought Gerrard. "I hope it can stand up to a real war."
Sparring Mummy①Aspiring to earn their place in the afterlife, acolytes train every day against those who fell short of that glory.
Spatial Binding①Time is the one shackle you can't break.↵-Zhalfirin aphorism
Spatial Contortion①"For those without the Planeswalker spark, the merest touch of the Blind Eternities can kill."↵-Ugin
Spatula of the Ages①At last Urza's powers were focused through the incredible artifact. "Who wants pancakes?" he asked.
Spawn of Rix Maadi①"Straight from the blood-drenched imagination of our illustrious parun!"↵-Nyoser, Gore-House ringleader
Spawn of Thraxes①Sparks from Purphoros's forge fill the belly of every dragon.
Spawnbinder Mage①"Follow me. Step lightly. And resist the urge to kick them."
Spawnbroker①"The trick isn't setting up the bad trade. It's making each side think it got the better deal."
Spawning Bed①Young Eldrazi crawl forth from the dust, compelled by a greater will.
Spawning Breath①Death by death, Kozilek's lineage spread.
Spawning Grounds①It's the only water source in miles of desert, but the local tribes avoid it at all costs.
Spawning Kraken①"I never imagined I'd lay eyes on a creature that makes Gyruda look small and harmless!"↵-Lukka
Spawnwrithe①Its victims feel only an itchy, wriggling feeling just under their skin. By then, it's far too late.
Speakeasy Server①"Whatever ails you, friends, this will cure it for tonight! And leave you with a little inspiration for tomorrow."
Speaker of the Heavens①"All are welcome in the angels' light."
Spear Spewer①"Don't waste time aiming, you lazy gob-slug! Fire!"↵-Krenko, mob boss
Spear of Heliod①Legend speaks of the Sun Spear, the mighty weapon that can strike any point in Theros, even the depths of the Underworld.
Spearbreaker Behemoth①Few Nayans dare hunt the gargantuans. They're regarded not as animals but as forces of nature, like landslides or typhoons.
Species Gorger①"We raised eelhawks to control the squidflies, then waspcrabs to prey on the eelhawks. Now what do we do with all these waspcrabs?"↵-Gulistan, Simic biomancer
Species Specialist①"I don't have anything against Snapdax. I'm just more of a dog person."
Spectacle Mage①"It would be a crime to withhold my light from the world."
Spectator Seating①The loudest and most heartfelt cheers come from the cheap seats.
Specter of the Fens①Foul specters hunt down those who try to back out of a deal with a daemogoth.
Specter's Shriek①"Imagine having your skeleton extracted through your ear, one bone at a time."↵-Corliss the Wanderer
Specter's Wail①As he gritted his teeth to focus through the pain, Tahngarth glanced at Takara. She seemed completely unaffected.
Spectral Bears①"I hear there are Bears-or spirits-that guard caravans passing through the forest."↵-Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Spectral Bears①"I hear there are bears-or spirits-that guard caravans passing through the forest."↵-Gulsen, abbey matron
Spectral Flight①"The church looks down on binding spirits into armor, but now I can look down on them."↵-Dierk, geistmage
Spectral Force①"The spirits of old have not left us unguarded."↵-Uros, Pendelhaven elder
Spectral Guardian①"A treasure to guard other treasures is worth the highest price."↵-Mtai, Civic Guildmage
Spectral Lynx①A shadowy version of its corporeal cousin, this lynx hunts souls, not meals.
Spectral Procession①"I need never remember my past associates, my victims, my mistakes. Innistrad preserves them all for me."↵-Sorin Markov
Spectral Procession①"The dead have it easy. They suffer no more. If breaking their rest helps the living, so be it."↵-Olka, mistmeadow witch
Spectral Reserves①"My predecessors taught me of duty and commitment. It seems they have more to teach."↵-Wendin, veteran cathar
Spectral Rider①Never a word. Never a warning. Only the sound of hoofbeats along the crossways, and the screams of the avenged.
Spectral Sailor①"Any ship that sails on these mean seas for long is bound to pick up a ghost or two."↵-Admiral Beckett Brass
Spectral Searchlight①The first searchlights were given as gifts, symbols of cooperation, to the emissaries present at the signing of the Guildpact.
Spectral Shepherd①The restless geists of common folk often continue their lifelong labors.
Spectral Shield①"What can be a stronger shield than concealment? Have you ever defeated an enemy you didn't know existed?"↵-Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Spectral Sliver①"Sure, I've seen agents of the Cabal here and there. Well, not here, and certainly not in any of the sliver labs. Oh dear, I've said too much."↵-Apprentice researcher
Speedway Fanatic①If her vehicle even has a brake, she couldn't tell you which pedal it is.
Spell Blast①"Perhaps you could try throwing a rock? That might be better suited to your intellect."
Spell Blast①Call it the thinking mage's version of brute force.
Spell Burst①The brutish mage's version of thinking.
Spell Counter①Playing *Unhinged*, . . .
Spell Pierce①"A fool's fire is quickly quenched."↵-Shaper Kumena
Spell Pierce①"If you make me spill my drink, you're buying me a new one."
Spell Pierce①"There's a hole in your plan."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Spell Pierce①A great wizard always has a few surprises up their sleeve.
Spell Pierce①For all their planning, Tamiyo and Kaito were unprepared to face the full power of a Phyrexian praetor.
Spell Rupture①"Like water, mana will drain from an inferior vessel."↵-Jalan Tosk, Simic forcemage
Spell Snare①Every culture has its unlucky numbers. In a city where you're either alone, in a crowd, or being stabbed in the back, two is the worst number of all.
Spell Snare①With practice, the measurement of magic can lead to its mastery.
Spell Snip①"Magic cast through a hand of flesh is just as weak as the flesh itself."↵-Lodus of the Ethersworn
Spell Snuff①"Good night."
Spell Suck①S-U-C-K
Spell Syphon①Warrik Brutehexer felt betrayed that his aura favored the depths of the Wanderbrine River over its rightful place, hovering around him.
Spellbane Centaur①"No mage's deception can harm those who keep nature balanced."
Spellbook①"Everything the wise woman learned she wrote in a book, and when the pages were black with ink, she took white ink and began again."↵-Karn, silver golem
Spellbook①Knowledge knows no bounds.
Spellbound Dragon①A king in Jund, a serf in Esper.
Spellbreaker Behemoth①"Some think its immunity to countermagic evolved because of the constant mage attacks on Naya. I think it just ate a bunch of wizards."↵-Broka, drumhunter
Spelleater Wolverine①"The monster that scares me the most isn't the biggest."↵-Taelya, Lavabrink pyromage
Spellgorger Barbarian①The epidemic insanity had a lasting effect on certain barbarians-but no one noticed.
Spellgorger Weird①Freed from their respective labs, the two weirds formed a partnership, feeding on the arcane energies of war.
Spellheart Chimera①Thaumaturges remain silent around chimeras, lest their words conjure even stranger beasts.
Spelling Bee①Just be thankful it wasn't grammar scorpions.
Spellkeeper Weird①They worked well as a team, but they knew it couldn't last forever.
Spellseeker①Mages and warriors recruited from across Kylem display their skills at Valor's Reach.
Spellseeker①Not content with mere answers, she hunts for the truth.
Spellshock①A snap of fingers, a snap of teeth.
Spellskite①"Let's show Vorinclex that progress doesn't always need teeth or claws."↵-Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Spelltithe Enforcer①His assistants calculate the amount of the tribute. He measures out the punishment for delinquency.
Spellweaver Duo①Synchronized spell weaving is a difficult but rewarding skill to master.
Spellweaver Eternal①"They were once our brothers and sisters."↵-Etha, former Rhet-crop initiate
Spellwild Ouphe①"You'd think that their big glowing eyes would be almost hypnotic to look at. In fact, it's the other way around-they are entranced by nearly everything they see."↵-Balecki, Spellwild druid
Sphere of Duty①Duty subdues instinct.
Sphere of Grace①Grace repels darkness.
Sphere of Law①Law smothers anarchy.
Sphere of Purity①Purity rejects artifice.
Sphere of Reason①Reason exposes deception.
Sphere of Resistance①"At the outset, we weren't aware of Chief Baral's motives for the project. It's now apparent that he intends to use the device to hamper the 'mages' among the ranks of the renegades."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Sphere of Resistance①A sphere pushes equally in all directions.
Sphere of Safety①Brushing hair against your face
Sphere of Safety①The Rakdos believe that all are eager to join their revels, even when told otherwise.
Sphere of Truth①Truth tempers fanaticism.
Sphinx Mindbreaker①Riddles draw you in, paradoxes hold you fast, and answers shatter your perceptions.
Sphinx Sovereign①"What rises without legs, whispers without a voice, bites without teeth, and dies without having life?"
Sphinx of Enlightenment①"I would be a fool if I taught you everything I know."
Sphinx of Foresight①"I do not understand the future I see: the guilds subverted, the world at war, armies bent to a cruel conqueror's will."
Sphinx of Jwar Isle①"Even if the sphinxes do know the location of every relic, getting one to talk is harder than just searching yourself."↵-Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Sphinx of Magosi①"A riddle is nothing more than a trap for small minds, baited with the promise of understanding."
Sphinx of New Prahv①Azorius sphinxes are loyal to the precepts of the law, not to any particular guildmaster-even one of their own kind.
Sphinx of the Chimes①"I've dreamt of the future, Isperia. Danger is on the horizon. You must heed my warning."
Sphinx of the Final Word①He answers questions as readily as he asks them, but his answer is always "no."
Sphinx of the Second Sun①He watches in silence as the shadows shift, bringing Amonkhet ever nearer to the Hour of Revelation.
Sphinx of the Steel Wind①No one has properly answered her favorite riddle: "Why should I spare your life?"
Sphinx's Decree①"Be still."↵-Azor
Sphinx's Disciple①Few dare to brave the Dakra Isles. Those who return are forever changed.
Sphinx's Herald①He calls a riddle through the gaps of cloven clouds, hoping for an answer.
Sphinx's Insight①"Do not think me blind to your true mission...or your true master, Grand Arbiter."
Sphinx's Revelation①"Let the knowledge of absolute law inspire you to live a life of absolute order."
Sphinx's Tutelage①"You've never considered the implications of dealing with another telepath, Jace."
Sphinx-Bone Wand①Its host's final curse lies captured within.
Spidersilk Armor①It hardly weighs anything, but it takes all day to remove.
Spidersilk Net①"Dragons are our betters, but we will fight them if our dragonlord orders it."
Spiderwig Boggart①Auntie Flint was the first to pioneer the spiderwig, a mass of arachnids intended to be worn rather than eaten.
Spidery Grasp①"Nobody's seen the Lady of Videns for years. Poor dear, no companions at all in that old castle."↵-Yonda of Gavony
Spidery Grasp①There are no safe paths through the Trial of Strength.
Spike Jester①For the Rakdos, "suicidal charge" and "good showmanship" are one and the same.
Spike, Tournament Grinder①"Just wait-I have a response."
Spike-Tailed Ceratops①The conquistadors surrounded the dinosaur only to find that it had outflanked them.
Spiked Baloth①If a baloth isn't hungry, it's dead.
Spikefield Cave①"Silence until we're through. Even a whisper's echo can dislodge death from above."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Spikefield Hazard①"Stop screaming! You'll only bring down more spikes."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Spikeshot Elder①Now that he knows a thousand ways of hurting people, his next shamanic quest is to discover a thousand more.
Spikeshot Goblin①"Proximity discouraged. Do not approach."↵-Vulshok field guide
Spikeshot Goblin①The path of a goblin shaman is a journey through a thousand ways of hurting people.
Spiketail Drakeling①Drakelings fish with their tails, angling to snare succulent thoughts and memories on their psychic hooks.
Spiketail Drake①"The spell will have to wait," said Alexi, pointing up. "Drakes."
Spiketail Hatchling①It dodges waves of water to prepare for waves of magic.
Spikewheel Acrobat①"Every street's a stage, and every screaming bystander's an audience."
Spin Engine①"It will be battle-ready before our strike at Oxid Ridge, and it will guarantee our victory."↵-Ketuc of the Helm
Spinal Centipede①The Golgari adorn themselves with the exoskeletons of iridescent insects. It's only fair the insects do likewise.
Spinal Graft①"This one has not screamed enough to show effective implantation. Kill it."↵-Volrath
Spinal Villain①"Striking silent as a dream, Cutting short the strangled scream . . ."↵-Tobrian, "Watchdragon"
Spinal Villain①"Striking silent as a dream,/ Cutting short the strangled scream . . ." -Tobrian, "Watchdragon"
Spincrusher①It rolls with the punches.
Spindrift Drake①Sea brine for blood, washing foam for laughter.
Spined Basher①"How cute. Does it do any other tricks?"↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Spined Fluke①Its spines are prized as writing quills by the priests of Gix.
Spined Karok①"The bogs are deeper than you realize. Most of the space beneath the surface is taken up by these enormous karoks. You might think your feet are touching the bottom. They're probably not."↵-Gyome, Witherbloom chef
Spined Sliver①"Slivers are evil and slivers are sly; And if you get eaten, then no one will cry."↵-Mogg children's rhyme
Spined Thopter①"I appreciate the depravity of noble designs turned to devious ends."↵-Tezzeret
Spined Wurm①"As it moved, the wurm's spines gathered up bits of flowstone, which took the shapes of dead villagers' heads. Each head spoke a single sound, but if taken together, they said, 'Alas for the living.'"↵-Dal myth of the wurm
Spined Wurm①"I wouldn't stand in front of that wurm, son. 'Course, I wouldn't stand behind it neither. In fact, standing anywhere near that wurm's not much of a plan. Running, now *that's* a plan!"↵-Wandering mage
Spined Wurm①"They're as much like plants as animals. Leave them unchecked, and they'll choke out all other forms of life."↵-Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Spined Wurm①It has more teeth than fit in its mouth.
Spined Wurm①Its spines act like the teeth of a saw, scoring distinctive marks in the vegetation of its territory.
Spinehorn Minotaur①"If you think twice, I'll cut twice."
Spineless Thug①These troops are only as strong as the evincar's control.
Spineless Thug①What it lacks in backbone, it makes up for in cruelty.
Spinneret Sliver①Each new generation of slivers evolves to assimilate the strengths of the prey upon which their progenitors fed.
Spinnerette, Arachnobat①High-wire injuries are down 95%. Spider-related injuries are up 3000%.
Spinning Wheel Kick①Members of the Order of Jukai commune with kami to enhance their martial prowess.
Spinning Wheel①"Though long forgotten, the wheel continued to turn, spinning fate from a dusty attic."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
Spinny Ride①"Expect to be out of commission for about a week. It's awesome."↵-*Salzon's Ride Review*
Spinny Ride①"If a species will pay to be moved in a circle, I will find a way to let it."↵-Myra the Magnificent
Spinny Ride①"The ship spinning out of control was spot-on, but no one shouting, 'Nebula! You fell asleep again!' or openly weeping? Too unrealistic."↵-Captain Rex Nebula
Spinny Ride①Located on the opposite side of the park from the food court, for obvious reasons.
Spinny Ride①The maximum recommended speed warning system snapped off years ago, but they hadn't encountered problems yet.
Spinny Ride①There's no such thing as upside down in space. Put another way, there are infinite upside downs in space.
Spiraling Duelist①"I never move the same way twice. Those rotters can't grasp chaos."
Spiraling Embers①The akki knew to stay indoors on the days the oni flew their kites.
Spire Barrage①Goblin lessons include the 2,071 tips for survival. Frek only remembered 2,070.
Spire Garden①From thrilling combat to unparalleled vistas, Valor's Reach has it all.
Spire Garden①The village's name was long forgotten, its crumbling ruins a monument to the fragility of civilization.
Spire Golem①The longer it soars above the shimmering swirls of the Quicksilver Sea, the more it adopts their unpredictability.
Spire Mangler①Its mandibles can leave a rider in the clouds astride a headless griffin.
Spire Monitor①Each monitor is given an eye for each spire it is to guard.
Spire Patrol①"After I examine your cargo and check your papers, you can be on your way."
Spire Serpent①A mirror to draw its eye, a rod to rouse its rage, and a sword to break its bonds.
Spire Tracer①Cartographers on Ravnica chart not just the horizontal, but also the vertical.
Spire of Industry①A beacon of prosperity to some, a shadow of oppression to others.
Spirebluff Canal①There's so much more to Ghirapur than can be accessed by traditional roads.
Spires of Orazca①". . . a cryptic objective."↵-Jace Beleren
Spires of Orazca①"… a cryptic objective."↵-Jace Beleren
Spireside Infiltrator①"The Consulate promised that we would all have access to aether. I'm just keeping them honest."
Spirit Away①The fear of slipping from the geist's tenuous grip overwhelmed Tolo's joy at his first flight.
Spirit Bonds①Designed by Justin Gary
Spirit Cairn①It marks the border between here and hereafter.
Spirit Cairn①The most beautiful souls shine even in death.
Spirit Link①"I am bound to all my children. I share in their joys, I rage at their injuries."
Spirit Link①"I regret feeding Kaervek's hunger for power-far better to live with animals innocent of such ambitions."↵-Jolrael
Spirit Link①"We are all inextricably linked, souls woven in tapestry."
Spirit Link①The noble paladins draw strength from the courage of others.
Spirit Mantle①The shield of unimpeachable purity is as strong as any wrought on the anvil.
Spirit Shield①At times, survival must outweigh all other considerations.
Spirit Summoning①"Books are fantastic, but if you're really curious about the distant past, why not ask someone who was there?"↵-Augusta, Lorehold dean
Spirit Weaver①"Let my hope be your shield."
Spirit en-Kor①Death free throat from thirst, mouth from speech, feet from earth.↵-Kor requiem
Spirit of Malevolence①Great evil weighs on the soul.
Spirit of Resistance①"Our victory must come from all of Dominaria, or it will not come."↵-Urza
Spirit of the Hearth①Thieves know that a snarl in the night means, "Rob another house."
Spirit of the Hunt①The bonds of the pack transcend time and death.
Spirit of the Labyrinth①Students at the Dekatia Academy learn that being sent to study with her is a lesson in itself.
Spirit of the Season①Summoned for all the wrong seasons.
Spirit of the Spires①She breathes fair winds to tired griffins and lifts songbirds beyond the reach of stalking cats.
Spirited Companion①She formed a friendship with several playful spirits, and soon "the pack" was known as the source of much mischief in Eiganjo.
Spiritual Asylum①Trapped in safety is still trapped.
Spiritual Guardian①Hope is born within.
Spiritualize①"There is purity in all things. Even hatred."↵-Lieutenant Kirtar
Spitebellows①Disaster stalks with gaping jaws across unready lands.
Spiteflame Witch①Cinder beliefs revolve around the Path of Sorrow, a spiritual descent into oblivion. They don't mind taking others on their journey down.
Spiteful Blow①"Only a fool takes Phenax at his word. What do you expect from a god born of lies and betrayal?"↵-Verenes, priest of Iroas
Spiteful Bully①Like most creatures bent on total destruction, they rarely bother to double-check their targets.
Spiteful Motives①Having infiltrated the Lunarch Council, the Skirsdag await the perfect moment to strike.
Spiteful Prankster①The devil appreciated the irony of using doves for ammunition. The townsfolk, not so much.
Spiteful Repossession①Late payment shall be extracted however they see fit.
Spiteful Shadows①"Let us remind these human cattle why they fear the shadows of this world."↵-Aldreg, Skirsdag cultist
Spiteful Sliver①Victories against the hive are tragedies.
Spiteful Squad①"Don't you know first-years pay a toll to walk through here?"
Spiteful Visions①Knowledge brings the sting of disillusionment, but the pain teaches perspective.
Spitemare①"I knew a creature carved from a dream of wild freedom. Any attempt to leash or exploit it failed, and at terrible cost."↵-Ashling
Spitfire Bastion①Now instead of a ship, Ripley Vance commands a fortress.
Spitfire Handler①"Wait 'til Toggo sees this!"
Spitfire Lagac①"If you hear a choking sort of cough, it's about to get really hot."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Spitting Drake①It prefers its meals cooked.
Spitting Earth①"There are times solid ground gives precious little comfort."↵-Talibah, embermage
Spitting Earth①"We were ready for an attack from the front, sides, or back-but the mage hit us from below."↵-Veteran soldier
Spitting Earth①"Within each of you is the strength of a landslide."↵-Kumano, to his pupils
Spitting Image①Spitting is the customary greeting between a creature and its magical impostor.
Spitting Sliver①"Our lances' reach had been our saving grace in our fight against the hive. Now even that advantage is taken from us."↵-Adom Capashen, Benalish knight
Splatter Goblin①"For some, perfection is but a single moment when form and purpose converge."↵-Rona
Splatter Thug①The mask isn't meant to hide his identity. It's meant to keep the viscera out of his eyes.
Splendid Agony①"Wherever you are in the city, you can feel the presence of the God-Pharaoh. Take comfort in that."↵-Ukhat, vizier of initiation
Splendid Genesis①She discovered with great delight that one does not love one's children because they are one's children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.↵Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Splendid Reclamation①"No matter how much a plane has suffered, there is a way to restore it."↵-Nissa Revane
Splendid Reclamation①"These seeds waited faithfully for the sun to rise again. Now, their patience is rewarded."↵-Wrenn
Splinter Twin①"I know just the person for that job."
Split the Party①Don't.
Split the Spoils①"That half is yours. These halves are mine."
Split-Tail Miko①"I wish there were no use for those with my talents. I wish that I could walk Kamigawa forgotten and unneeded, with no war wounds to heal and no broken bones to mend."
Splitting Headache①All faeries delve for dreams. But not all wait for their victims to fall asleep.
Spoils of Adventure①Survival itself is no small reward.
Spoils of Blood①"There are always leftovers."↵-Derecht, flesh carver
Spoils of Evil①"Virtue has its rewards, as does its opposite."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Spoils of War①"This is the fun part!"↵-Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Spoils of the Hunt①"Every coin helps rebuild the town they destroyed."
Spontaneous Artist①Graffiti of the "leaking spire" symbol is found wherever the renegades have been.
Spontaneous Combustion①"Heat of battle" is usually a metaphor.
Spontaneous Flight①"Amazing! And I was only trying to teach her to sit!"
Spontaneous Generation①Saprolings always thrive on the ruins of others, and Mercadia ruins more than most.
Spontaneous Mutation①When the body turns, the mind soon follows.
Spore Burst①Seeds from Jund don't drift gently on the wind. They get up and stampede.
Spore Crawler①"Remember to come back in a few years when that fungus has died off. Then we'll see what's in the chest."↵-Old Rutstein
Spore Frog①A progenitor of tadpoles and allergies in equal measure.
Spore Frog①Gromp spores can be distilled into a variety of powerful chemical agents, or added to tea for a disastrous afternoon in the city.
Spore Frog①The end of one life is merely the beginning of thousands more.
Spore Swarm①As the irrepressible power of a dormant Multani courses through Yavimaya, the forest passes judgment on travelers and natives alike. Only the fungus prospers.
Sporeback Wolf①The mushrooms growing in the wolves' fur possess curative properties incredible enough to tempt many alchemists into risking their lives to track one down.
Sporecap Spider①"They don't move much, but then again, if you get caught in its web, it has all the time in the world to get to you."↵-Saidah, Joraga hunter
Sporecap Spider①After years of taunts and aerial assaults from Rankle's minions, the witches of Maraleaf Forest acquired new familiars.
Sporecrown Thallid①"The identifying ornamental growths of alpha thallids may be hereditary, or catalyzed by some chemical signal."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Sporemound①"If you threaten its territory, it produces spores. Actually, no matter what you do, it produces spores."↵-Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Sporeweb Weaver①It spins its web throughout the undercity, strange growths sprouting in its wake.
Spotted Griffin①When the cat flies and the bird stalks, guard your horses carefully.
Spread the Sickness①Life is ephemeral. Phyrexia is eternal.
Spreading Flames①"Hang on. I'm just tidying up."↵-Chandra Nalaar
Spreading Insurrection①Everyone wants to be on the winning side.
Spreading Plague①The cruelest strain of plague keeps its hosts alive long enough to return home and infect their families.
Spreading Rot①"What is this foul presence that defies the sun's cleansing rays?"↵-Itzama the Crested
Spreading Seas①Most inhabitants of Zendikar have given up on the idea of an accurate map.
Spring of Eternal Peace①Bathing in this spring could cure ailments of body and mind alike.
Springbloom Druid①"New growth applies a healing poultice to wounds long scabbed over."
Springing Tiger①The ground trembled in a violent purr.
Springjack Shepherd①"Better for a doun to lose its cenn than its springjacks."
Springjaw Trap①"Stop trying to pierce the hide. Hit where it's softest: ankle, sole, hamstring."↵-Master Hunter Chevill
Springleaf Drum①"The music is in the drum. I simply coax it out to be heard."
Springleaf Drum①After trying mudskippers for an afternoon, Scratch decided that crickcarp made the best noise.
Springmane Cervin①Cervins feed on the mana-rich plants around the star arches, imbuing their bodies with extraordinary grace and vitality.
Springmantle Cleric①Hope and courage bloom in her wake.
Springsage Ritual①"Every evil destroyed is a strike against the enemy."↵-Erold, Gatstaf springsage
Sprite Dragon①Size of a pixie, rage of a hellkite.
Sprite Noble①"By thorn and by stone, we will fight to see the day when beauty returns to this world."
Sprouting Phytohydra①A hydra tender's problem isn't having enough defenses but enough pots.
Sprouting Thrinax①The vast network of predation on Jund has actually caused some strange creatures to adapt to being eaten.
Sprout①Centuries of temporal strife had stripped Dominaria of its natural defenses, but nature fought back with armies constructed of little more than grime and sunlight.
Spur Grappler①Grapplers hunt in packs, driving their victims over steep mountain cliffs.
Spurnmage Advocate①"Our unity humbles our foes."
Spurred Wolverine①After a few painful experiences, goblins learned not to pick their noses around the beasts.
Spy Eye①"That pigeon knows something, and we will find out what."↵-X
Spy Kit①Imitation is the sincerest form of treachery.
Squad Captain①The strength of the one is the strength of the many.
Squall Drifter①"The scouts claim the cold has malice, and a mind. I begin to believe them. Impassable drifts seem to appear before us at every turn."↵-Aevar Borg, northern guide, journal entry
Squall Line①The constant shifting of Dominaria's shredded timeline played havoc with its atmosphere, combining savage electrical storms from ages past.
Squallmonger①"Squall, gale, hurricane-it's all a matter of size . . . and price."
Squall①"May the winds blow till they have wakened death. . . ."↵-William Shakespeare,↵*Othello*
Squall①"To-night the winds begin to rise . . . The rooks are blown about the skies . . . ."↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, *In Memoriam*
Squall①"To-night the winds begin to rise . . . The rooks are blown about the skies . . . ."↵-Alfred, Lord Tennyson, In Memoriam
Squall①The air that holds them aloft can just as easily put them down.
Squandered Resources①"He traded sand for skins, skins for gold, gold for life. In the end, he traded life for sand."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Square Up①Sometimes the most radical thing you can do is think inside the box.
Squash①The troll had recently crushed a human in much the same way. Sadly, he expired too quickly to appreciate the irony.
Squeaking Pie Sneak①"Why do our pies squeak? It's all the faeries, mice, and prickly-hogs we stuff inside."↵-Borb of the Squeaking Pie warren
Squee's Toy①As the horrors closed in on Gerrard, Squee trembled and clutched his toy for comfort. He didn't know where it came from or why it was so warm, but he was glad he'd kept it near.
Squee, Goblin Nabob①"General?!" Tahngarth roared. "General *nuisance*, maybe."
Squee, Goblin Nabob①"If Yawgmoth meant Squee's immortality as a curse, no one ever told Squee."↵-Karn
Squee, Goblin Nabob①"Some goblins are expendable. Some are impossible to get rid of. But he's both-at the same time!"↵-Starke
Squee, the Immortal①"You gotta be pretty smart to live long as me, but not being able to die helps."
Squeeze①Any pirate would prefer Rishada's swift and cruel justice to Saprazzo's patient punishments.
Squee①The smartest-and only-goblin cabin boy aboard the *Weatherlight*, Squee has learned that intelligence and common sense are very different things. This matters little, however, since he has neither. Fortunately, he doesn't know what he's missing.
Squelching Leeches①Leeches are sacred to followers of Pharika for drawing poison from a wound, but feared by everyone else for drawing blood from the flesh.
Squelching Leeches①Setting foot in their muck is an open invitation.
Squelch①Oku-Doku had gone through all the motions: the same akki cursewords, the same ingredients with their horrid stink, the same rude gestures. Yet not a person died.
Squire①"Of twenty yeer of age he was, I gesse.↵Of his stature he was of even lengthe,↵And wonderly deliver, and greete of strengthe."↵-Geoffrey Chaucer, *The Canterbury Tales*
Squire①"Of twenty yeer of age he was, I gesse.↵Of his stature he was of evene lengthe.↵And wonderly delyvere, and of greete strengthe."↵-Geoffrey Chaucer,↵*The Canterbury Tales*
Squirming Mass①Only the coldest hearts and the strongest stomachs can stand against it.
Squirrel Dealer①"You see that sheen on the fur? The glint in their eyes? Top quality. These are the real deal."
Squirrel Farm①"And the ignorant shall fall to the squirrels."↵-*Chip 2:54*
Squirrel Farm①"And the ignorant shall fall to the squirrels."↵-Chip 2:54
Squirrel Mob①"I barely escaped with my life. At that number, they could take on Emrakul herself!"↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Squirrel Mob①An army of squirrels is still an army.
Squirrel Nest①In the Krosan Forest, you've got to keep an eye out for the squirrels.
Squirrel Nest①In the treetops, unseen by many, lurks chittering, skittering death.
Squirrel Sovereign①For rule of the Aldering Forest, Numstail stole the acorn from Nestwind, who stole it from Brankie, who stole it from Lightroot, who stole it from Leafpaw, who stole it from Darkfur . . .
Squirrel Squatters①Such plush accommodations.
Squirrel Wrangler①"Acorns? Again?"
Squirrel Wrangler①"Gnawed to death. Bad way to go."
Squirrel-Powered Scheme①Lucinda didn't know which she enjoyed most: the science, the squirrels, or the maniacal laughter.
Sram's Expertise①"It's important to always have the right tool for the job. This one is for picking my teeth."
Sram, Senior Edificer①"As this conflict grows, it gets harder to prevent the city from breaking down. How much longer can we keep this machinery balanced?"
Sram, Senior Edificer①"If it's broke, I'll fix it. If it isn't broke, I'll break it, and then I'll fix it again!"
Stabbing Pain①"You can take the fight out of nearly any creature if you know where its soft spot is."↵-Guttor, flesh-warper
Stabilizer①"Hold that thought."↵-Pemmin, Riptide survivor
Stadium Vendors①"Potions! Mana potions, health potions, energy potions-get your potions here!"
Staff of Nin①"I have attuned the staff to your screams so that only I may benefit from your pain."↵-Volux, disciple of Nin
Staff of Zegon①Though Mishra was impressed by the staves Ashnod had created for Zegon's defense, he understood they only hinted at her full potential.
Staff of the Ages①"We found this staff useful on our visit to this very commission. Would Relicbane prefer we had been slain by Lim-Dul's horrors?"↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Staff of the Death Magus①A symbol of ambition in ruthless times.
Staff of the Flame Magus①A symbol of passion in indifferent times.
Staff of the Letter Magus①A symbol of _________ in _________ times.
Staff of the Mind Magus①A symbol of sagacity in bewildering times.
Staff of the Sun Magus①A symbol of conviction in uncertain times.
Staff of the Wild Magus①A symbol of ferocity in oppressive times.
Stag Beetle①Its voice crackles with the hum of a thousand wings beating at once.
Staggering Insight①"Only cowards flee from the truth."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Stalker Hag①Her hunt is silent until a bone snaps or flesh tears. Her victims never know to scream.
Stalking Bloodsucker①The pits feed both its thirst for combat and its thirst for blood.
Stalking Drone①As the Eldrazi adapted to the jungles of Zendikar, some took on the tactics of more familiar predators.
Stalking Predator①Tomorrow a new village, and new victims.
Stalking Tiger①In the Jamuraan jungles, there is often no separating beauty from danger.
Stalking Tiger①No one is happy when they notice a tiger.
Stalking Tiger①Throughout Chinese history, generals have often been referred to as tigers for their fierceness, strength, and bravery.
Stalking Vampire①Each form she takes is an exploration of the senses.
Stalking Vengeance①Something roams the killing places, sniffing the guilt of the slayers, stalking them on iron paws.
Stallion of Ashmouth①Echoing hoofbeats can no longer be assumed to be help from the Gavony Riders.
Stalwart Pathlighter①"Festival's just ahead. You're almost there!"
Stalwart Shield-Bearers①"Hold fast the line! Either we stop them here or we wake up in their guts!"↵-Tala Vertan, Makindi shieldmate
Stalwart Valkyrie①"Only the worthy may pass."
Stamp of Approval①A truly symbolic advantage.
Stampede Driver①"The thunder of hooves is music to my ears."
Stampede Rider①To a satyr, a stampede is just another kind of revelry.
Stampede①"We could see the horizon blacken with the great beasts, but it was too late. The icefield offered no immediate safety, but luckily most of us reached a crevasse in which we could take cover."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Stampede①"When are beasts like a river?"↵-*The One Thousand Questions*
Stampeding Elk Herd①The Atarka use them not just for food, but also to clear away snow, trees, and enemy forces.
Stampeding Horncrest①When the golden city opened, the dinosaurs inside were eager to greet the new visitors.
Stampeding Rhino①"Sometimes I wonder if our weapons and armor are a step backward."↵-Soron, rhox pikemaster
Stampeding Rhino①The quickest way to get through the jungle is to agitate a rhino and run in its wake.
Stampeding Wildebeests①Prayers for rain are answered with the thunder of hooves.
Stampeding Wildebeests①The most violent and destructive storms in Femeref occur on cloudless days.
Stand Together①Strange times make for strange allies.
Standard Bearer①The standard was a rallying point for the army and a target for the enemy.
Standard Procedure①Can it be Lightning Bolt yet?
Standardize①At that point, the wizards' argument got a lot uglier.
Standing Army①They're the chair-men of the bored.
Standing Troops①"Bant sentries were called the Angel Line. They never faltered, and they were ready to die defending their position."↵-Elspeth
Standing Troops①"Bant sentries were called the Angel Line. They never faltered, and they were ready to die defending their position."↵-Elspeth Tirel
Standing Troops①The less you have, the harder you fight for it.
Standing Troops①They fight so closely together a mouse couldn't slip past their guard.
Standstill①"Take your time."
Standstill①"You learn a lot in no time when you're about to get your neck snapped."↵-Dack Fayden
Star Compass①It doesn't point north. It points home.
Star Pupil①"When I'm done here, they'll name entire buildings after me."
Star of Extinction①"The visions haunt me. I see the end of the world, brought on by the search for the Immortal Sun."↵-Shaper Pashona
Star-Crowned Stag①White as starlight on snow, it appears only on the eve of the winter solstice.
Starfall①"The most brilliant stars are not born of Nyx."↵-Rhexenor, Akroan flamespeaker
Starfield Mystic①"The realm of the gods opens before me!"
Starke of Rath①"I know to whom I owe the most loyalty, and I see him in the mirror every day."↵-Starke
Starke①Starke believes in situational ethics-the situation determines the ethics. He's switched sides so often that he has become everyone's ally yet no one's friend. This former merchant of Rath accompanies the *Weatherlight* crew on their journey to his home world.
Starlight Invoker①"The constellations form a tapestry of light that traces my people's broken history. Day and night, I feel their glittering presence calling me to weave the pattern whole."
Starlight Invoker①The Mirari glows in her eyes.
Starlight①"Even in the darkest night Stars and angels still shine bright."↵-Onean children's rhyme
Starlight①Stars are like coins dropped into the night: their light buys safe passage.
Starlit Angel①To soar as high as hope, to dive as swift as justice.
Starnheim Aspirant①"I do not fear death. I know my soul will rise to Starnheim, where I will feast forever among valkyries and heroes. Can you say the same?"
Starnheim Courser①Every worthy warrior who arrives in Starnheim is gifted a mount befitting their heroism, a mighty pegasus raised and trained by the valkyries.
Starstorm①"They're beasts! What are they going to do, bomb us from orbit?"↵-Platoon Commander Cyrus Jalili, Prandium Defense Auxilia
Starstorm①Ever since the disaster, the city's survivors viewed the star-strewn sky with dread.
Starstorm①Pardic barbarians didn't complain when the Order started blaming every crisis on the Cabal.
Start Your Engines①Inventors from around the world have come to the Fair hoping their creations will fly, drive, or sail their way to a top prize.
Start from Scratch①"I don't care what they think!" Rootha snapped. "I know I can do better."
Startling Development①Remarkably, dinner continued with no further interruptions.
Starved Rusalka①"No more wretched fate is there than to waste away. If you are slain, your ghost may at least avenge itself upon your killer. But what release is there for one slain by Time?"↵-Ilromov, traveling storyteller
Stasis Cell①The Simic created the cells to preserve their experiments. The Azorius put the cells to use on the guilty.
Stasis Cocoon①Though the grip of a golem is strong, the grip of Auriok magic is far stronger.
Statecraft①"Inside these walls, peace; outside, sharks. You choose."↵-Saprazzan vizier
Static Orb①Reduction of energy and motion within the stasis field creates the illusion of slowed time.
Static Orb①The warriors fought against the paralyzing waves until even their thoughts froze in place.
Static Orb①Time passes, time crawls; Time doesn't move at all.
Statute of Denial①"Pyrotechnic activity of any sort is strictly prohibited. It is irrelevant that today is a holiday."
Staunch Defenders①"Hold your position! Leave doubt for the dying!"↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Staunch Defenders①"Hold your position! Leave doubt for the dying!"↵-Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Staunch Defenders①"The key to winning any fight is simply staying alive."↵-The Southern Paladin
Staunch Defenders①The key to winning any fight is simply staying alive.
Staunch Shieldmate①"Gilded with gold from a dragon's trove, it is! And etched with the image of the dragon I slew to take it."
Staunch Throneguard①"Brago in his arrogance let the throne's defenses fall dormant. Our new queen is not so incautious."↵-Livio, Oathsworn Sentinel
Staunch-Hearted Warrior①As soon as she faces a monster, she begins composing its epitaph.
Stave Off①"Just a moment of perfect grace and sanctity is enough."↵-Kal Lior, leonin elder
Staying Power①Mongo's fleas no longer bothered him. But the family of goblins that had moved in behind his left ear was starting to get really irritating.
Steadfast Armasaur①"Like the mighty armasaur, we will defend against all who invade our shores."↵-Itzama the Crested
Steadfast Cathar①"The most resolute soldiers will press forward in the face of overwhelming odds."↵-Gideon Jura
Steadfast Guard①"Best leave your tongue in its yap-hole, Mercadian scum, for your silvered words and golden bribes do not sparkle so brightly outside your city."
Steadfast Guard①The Mercadians were prepared for the guard, but the guard was even more prepared for the Mercadians.
Steadfast Paladin①"When I made my oath to Moradin, I left selfishness and cowardice behind. Every battle, I make that commitment anew."
Steadfast Sentry①"Get up, slugabeds! We've got company, and they're not dressed for a party!"
Steadfast Unicorn①Only the good-hearted may set foot in a unicorn's domain.
Steadfastness①Brute force wins the battles. Conviction wins the wars.
Steady Aim①The archer's heart broke seeing her compatriots die far below, but she held position until the enemy was in range.
Steady Progress①"More of that strange oil . . . It's probably nothing."
Steady-Handed Mook①A mook's life span is just long enough to get just good enough to get careless.
Steal Enchantment①"Why should I flatter another with imitation when I can satisfy myself through possession?"↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Steal Strength①With each grunt of pain from Haddad, Greel's grin widened.
Stealer of Secrets①The Dimir would hire her, if only they knew where she lived. The Azorius would condemn her, if only they knew her name.
Stealer of Secrets①www.MagicTheGathering.com
Stealth Mission①"What they don't know will definitely hurt them."↵-Lazav
Steam Augury①Keranos is a fickle god, delivering punishment as readily as prophecy.
Steam Blast①The viashino knew of the cracked pipes but deliberately left them unmended to bolster the rig's defenses.
Steam Catapult①"You idiots! Turn it around! Turn it around!"
Steam Frigate①"Is it merchants or is it pirates?"↵"It's Talas-there's no difference."
Steam Spitter①Its belly produces a boiling-hot fluid it can spit as a weapon or spin slowly enough to freeze into a defensive web.
Steam Vents①"A massive new Izzet building project with an unstated purpose? Probably fine."↵-Zija, Simic mutationist
Steam Vents①Crafted with genius, energized with madness.
Steam Vents①Despite being abandoned for millennia, the Thran ironworks still occasionally sputter to life.
Steamclaw①"There's dead, and then there's *dead* dead."↵-Steamclaw driver
Steamcore Weird①Like many Izzet creations, weirds are based on wild contradictions yet somehow manage to work.
Steamflogger Boss①"Don't quit now, we're almost done.↵Then we'll build another one!"
Steamflogger Boss①"Whip the Xs! Pinch the Os! What we're building, no one knows!"
Steamflogger Service Rep①It's more like a hard day of lunch with a work break between shifts.
Steamflogger Temp①When you're dumber than a hammer, every problem looks like one of those things you hit with a hammer.
Steamflogger of the Month①The perks aren't great.
Steamfloggery①Goblins only have two speeds: hard loaf and full-on hammer freak-out.
Steel Golem①"Although I would give my life to protect Gerrard, my conscience will not let me take another's. There are many who would not hesitate."↵-Karn, silver golem
Steel Golem①"Once you create perfection, what else is there to make?"↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Steel Leaf Champion①One eye open to see the truth of the world. One eye covered to gaze at the goddess within.
Steel Overseer①"The world is already run by all manner of machines. One day, they'll remind us of that fact."↵-Sargis Haz, artificer
Steel Overseer①In an unusual foray into the humanoid form, Venand Kapur-known as the Gearherder-built this automaton to keep watch over his clockwork herds.
Steel Sabotage①"You are hopelessly obsolete, my brothers. Come and join the Great Work."↵-Rhmir, Hand of the Augur
Steel Squirrel①Q: Where does a mechanical squirrel hide its nuts?↵A: In a bolt hole.
Steel Wall①"We sculpt the land into what we need-homes, armament, fortresses of war. Our strength comes not only from knowing, but from *commanding* the terrain."↵-Raksha Golden Cub, leonin kha
Steel Wall①"We sculpt the land into what we need-homes, armament, fortresses of war. Our strength comes not only from knowing, but from commanding the terrain."↵-Raksha Golden Cub, leonin kha
Steel-Plume Marshal①The defenders watched in terror as the flying V split apart into a bristling battle formation.
Steelbane Hydra①Many an ancient treasure has been reduced to jagged caltrops by its snapping jaws.
Steelclad Serpent①"From the highest towers to the deepest sea, all life must be touched by etherium."↵-Lodus of the Ethersworn
Steelclad Spirit①Some geists imitate the lives they left behind. Others follow the dreams they never realized.
Steelclaw Lance①"A traditional lance is fine for the Burning Yard, but in the wilds you need a nastier bite."↵-Kenver, Embereth weaponsmith
Steelfin Whale①It feeds on metal filings suspended in the water, sieving flecks of precious ore through magnetic baleen.
Steelform Sliver①"Though the slivers may sometimes resemble us, they are not human. Anyone who fights them must remember this."↵-Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Steelgaze Griffin①"If we didn't guard our secrets, they wouldn't remain secrets for long."↵-Gadwick, the Wizened
Steelshaper Apprentice①Theirs is a craft brought about by necessity, now raised to the level of art.
Steelshaper's Gift①Some blades seek their own wielders.
Steely Resolve①No one in Wirewood understands what is happening. They just know it's unnatural-and coming from Krosa.
Steeple Creeper①"If the Fin Clade cannot produce a reliable venomous krasis, mobile in both air and water, then the Guardian Project will absorb its resources."↵-Vannifar
Steeple Roc①"Sometimes it forgets to loosen its grip before taking flight. I lost my roof that way."↵-Ecaban, Boros scout
Stench of Decay①"Disa is dead, and I am left. I shall allow no others to succumb to this pestilence."↵-Kolbjorn, High Honored Druid
Stench of Decay①"My lord, there is only so much I can do. This plague infests Krov worse than any other city."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Stenchskipper①"Many believe it to be the manifestation of all that is vile about the boggarts. I believe it should be avoided-from upwind, if possible."↵-Cenn Deagan
Stensia Banquet①"We can't win a war on an empty stomach, can we?"↵-Olivia Voldaren
Stensia Bloodhall①The revelry ends when the supply of fresh ingenues runs dry.
Stensia Innkeeper①"The perils of the road, you say? Don't worry. You won't have to face those again."
Stensia Uprising①"Vampires have done nothing but take from us. Tonight, we reclaim what's ours!"
Step Right Up①"Ah, the midway, beating heart of the-well, maybe the big top is the heart. If there were two hearts then the midway-or the lungs. Lungs or stomach!"↵-Captain Rex Nebula
Step Right Up①"Ah, the midway, beating heart of the-well, maybe the big top is the heart. If there were two hearts, then the midway-or the lungs. Lungs or stomach!"↵-Captain Rex Nebula
Step Through①Doors open both ways.
Steppe Glider①It glides over the landscape. It also happens to be one.
Steppe Lynx①Nothing quickens the predator's blood like the unfamiliar scents of new hunting grounds and the mewling cries of new prey.
Stern Constable①"I'm sure you have a story. Everyone has a story. You can tell it to the bars."
Stern Dismissal①Cities offer tribute to Ephara and carve her image into their walls, imploring her to protect them from the dangers of the wild.
Stern Judge①"How to punish the guilty is up to the Ancestor. Deciding who merits such punishment is up to me."
Stern Proctor①"I preferred the harsh tutors-they made mischief all the more fun."↵-Teferi, third-level student
Steward of Solidarity①In the midst of disaster, heroic acts became almost ordinary, and ordinary warriors became heroes.
Steward of Valeron①Knight-stewards guard the Sun-Dappled Court, a grove of immense, sculptured olive trees that represent Valeron's twelve noble families.
Steward of Valeron①www.MagicTheGathering.com
Stick Together①Every veteran adventurer will tell you to stick with your party, because the ones who split up aren't around to give advice.
Stifle①"If I wanted your opinion, I'd have told you what it was."↵-Pemmin, Riptide survivor
Stifle①"Superior force meets woefully inadequate object. What paradox were you expecting?"↵-Azguri, archmage of Evos Isle
Stigma Lasher①The Extinguisher's curse lasted long after her departure.
Still Life①The centaurs' simple magic can undo a basilisk's gaze, but only for a short time.
Stiltstrider①Impossibly tall, improbably elegant.
Stingerfling Spider①The juiciest prey is that which grows lazy, thinking itself beyond the reach of danger.
Stinging Lionfish①Starfish are its favorite prey.
Stinging Shot①Initiates must train to resist the natural toxins they use as weapons.
Stinging Study①Silverquill first-years welcome discomfort in the classroom, knowing it will prepare them for the years ahead.
Stingmoggie①A path vexed by the stingmoggie was probably the wrong path anyhow.
Stinkdrinker Daredevil①Boggarts constantly strive to outdo each other with the things they bring back to the warren, each hoping the exploit will become as well-known as those of Auntie Grub.
Stir the Grave①"Your lungs may not draw breath, but while your hands can grip a sword, you will be useful to me."↵-Nighteyes, nezumi necromancer
Stirge①"I will never complain about mosquitos again."↵-Imoen
Stirring Address①"For glory! For justice! For our queen!"
Stirring Bard①At the first sign of danger, she breaks out the power chords.
Stitch in Time①"According to the strange journal I found, the spell succeeds half the time. Why, if I cast it twice, that's a guaranteed success!"↵-Rantings of Sigbar the Wild
Stitch in Time①"I believe the spell to have a 50% failure rate. I must be careful, lest I lose my sanity to the unbending force of pure, untempered time."↵-Journal of Sigbar the Cautious
Stitch in Time①Quyzl was told by his mentor to "make more time" for his studies.
Stitched Drake①"The best skaab are more powerful and more beautiful than the sum of their parts."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Stitched Drake①"The best skaabs are more powerful and more beautiful than the sum of their parts."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Stitcher's Apprentice①"Oglor create life, Oglor take it away. Oglor god! . . . until Master return."
Stitcher's Apprentice①"Oglor create life, Oglor take it away. Oglor god! … until Master return."
Stitcher's Supplier①No part goes to waste.
Stitchwing Skaab①"Amazing, isn't it, how scraps can come together to create such a wonder?"↵-Stitcher Geralf
Stocking Tiger①Just hope yours isn't full of coal golems.
Stoic Angel①Even the most battle-hardened soldiers pause in her presence for a moment of introspection.
Stoic Builder①Some have returned to Hollowhenge, the ruins of Avabruck, to restore the lost capital of Kessig.
Stoic Champion①His outer calm belies his inner fury.
Stoic Ephemera①"Life is fleeting, and so is death. Only the oath is eternal."
Stoic Rebuttal①Obsessed with the pursuit of knowledge above all else, vedalken can appear to be cold and emotionless.
Stolen Grain①At the battle of Guandu, Cao Cao defeated Yuan Shao by raiding his grain depot, leaving him with no way to feed his troops.
Stolen Vitality①"There's nothing like a good meal to really lift the spirit."
Stolen by the Fae①Denizens of the wilds don't always seek to harm intruders. Sometimes they simply misplace them.
Stomp and Howl①"Mizzium may be impervious to fire, but obviously certain other things can . . . modify its form."↵-Ivos Koba, indrik handler
Stomper Cub①"This one is only a yearling, but it would be wise to move away before we provide it with excellent hunting practice."↵-Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Stomping Ground①"Atarka and her subjects congregate in Ayagor, the Dragon's Bowl. It is my duty to keep that bowl full."↵-Surrak, the Hunt Caller
Stomping Ground①"Roots, ruins, and room to fight. All the comforts of home."↵-Domri Rade
Stomping Ground①"What we begin, the End-Raze will finish. Then we will dance in Ravnica's rubble."↵-Nikya of the Old Ways
Stomp①Not every tale ends in glory.
Stone Calendar①The Pretender Mairsil ordered a great Calendar drawn up to show when the paths to the Dark Lands were strongest.
Stone Calendar①The Pretender Mairsil ordered a great calendar drawn up to show when the paths to the Dark Lands were strongest.
Stone Giant①A typical day for a giant. A momentous event for a goat.
Stone Giant①What goes up, must come down.
Stone Golem①The sculptor, like most artists, put his heart and soul in his work. But the newly awakened golem decided he wanted his creator's other, more tangible parts.
Stone Golem①The sculptor, like most artists, put his heart and soul into his work. But the newly awakened golem decided it wanted its creator's other, more tangible parts.
Stone Haven Medic①"These days, soldiers never stick around long enough for a proper healing. They just want me to knit them up so they can hurry back to the fight."
Stone Haven Outfitter①The makers and menders are the first called to battle and the last to leave.
Stone Haven Pilgrim①The persistence to overcome obstacles is the most esteemed of kor virtues.
Stone Kavu①To maintain its hide, it consumes a variety of rocks-not to mention a variety of Phyrexians.
Stone Quarry①Entire valleys have been formed by mummies laboring to find veins of lazotep.
Stone Quarry①In Gavony, headstones come only from quarries that have been blessed by chaplains.
Stone Quarry①The Inventors' Renaissance came on the heels of the Great Aether Boom, hiking demand for raw materials of every kind.
Stone Quarry①The Sun Empire's cities are built from the bones of the earth.
Stone Quarry①The bedrock has many gifts to give.
Stone Rain①"May the forces that took Argoth beneath the waves never come among us again."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Stone Rain①"The kami struck with gouts of fire, showers of rock, and the combined rage of the spirit world. Only Eiganjo Castle remained standing, glistening untouched in the sun."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Stone Rain①"The land shall beg for drink and curse the rain that follows."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Stone Rain①"Thus, Bruk the Skyhammer earned his epithet and won the war, all in one fiery moment."↵-*Compendium of Warspells*
Stone Rain①"What rainbow could possibly come of this rain?"↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Stone Rain①I cast a thousand tiny suns- Beware my many dawns.
Stone Rain①Soldiers often blocked off the steep mountain passes to ambush enemy troops in western and central China.
Stone Rain①The return of Ramos was foretold by devastating natural disasters and unnatural storms.
Stone Rain①There goes the neighborhood!
Stone Spirit①"The spirit of the stone is the spirit of strength."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Stone Spirit①"The spirit of the stone is the spirit of strength."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Stone-Seeder Hierophant①Her touch brings to bare stone what water and sun bring to rich soil.
Stone-Throwing Devils①Sometimes those with the most sin cast the first stones.
Stonebinder's Familiar①"Hey, my great-great-grandfather had a dog just like that!"↵-Dradiel, Lorehold mage-student
Stonebound Mentor①Quintorius beamed, his mind eager to absorb every historical fact the spirit wanted to divulge.
Stonebrow, Krosan Hero①Moments after a fickle rift dropped Stonebrow in the waste of his beloved Krosa, he took up his axe in rage-blind vengeance.
Stonecoil Serpent①Cast out of Garenbrig for his crimes, Ennor turned to fae magic to fashion the perfect weapon for his revenge.
Stonefare Crocodile①The Izzet's plans to exploit the undercity ran into a few stubborn obstacles.
Stoneforge Acolyte①"The stone speaks. We are merely interpreters."
Stoneforge Masterwork①The nomadic kor carry only necessities on their long treks. The coming of the Eldrazi redefined "necessities."
Stonefury①Akoum can make any intruder look small.
Stonehands①"Trust in the power of stone. Stone is strong; stone shatters swords; stone breaks bones. Trust in stone."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Stonehands①"Trust in the power of stone. Stone is strong; stone shatters swords; stone breaks bones. Trust in stone."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Stonehewer Giant①"No matter how strong, an unarmed fighter is no more than a fool."
Stonehoof Chieftain①The pounding of his followers' hearts matched the beat of his hooves, and their voices echoed his bellows.
Stonehorn Chanter①With the Stonehorn, piety and power are one.
Stonehorn Dignitary①It did not escape the ambassador's notice that the sound of war drums could also marshal the city to attention.
Stonerise Spirit①The carved cliffs of Pillardrop thrum with the sounds of ancient spirits rising from the past.
Stoneshaker Shaman①There is no place in Ravnica for stagnation, no room for lands unfilled and untilled.
Stoneskin①"Ooh, nice shot! I almost felt that one."
Stonespeaker Crystal①It whispers words spoken centuries ago, coaxing wisdom from the ghosts of civilizations past.
Stonewing Antagonizer①Nahiri twisted them in shape and bent them to her will.
Stonewise Fortifier①Ephara taught some mortals to feel every vein in marble as though it flows with their own blood.
Stonewood Invocation①"Might of ancient wood and stone, Into spirit, flesh, and bone."
Stonewood Invoker①The Mirari pulses in his veins.
Stonework Packbeast①It will happily carry home your treasure or drag you back to civilization, as circumstances demand.
Stonework Puma①"We suffer uneasy ground, unstable alliances, and unpredictable magic. Something you can truly trust is worth more than a chest of gold."↵-Nikou, Joraga bard
Stony Silence①Let moss grow over gargoyles↵-Gavony saying meaning "forget painful memories"
Stony Silence①The relic's purpose? Its design? Whatever the intent, it is now a mere curiosity that breaks up the horizon.
Stony Strength①"What you build, we will destroy . . . and bury you in the rubble!"
Stonybrook Angler①"Water is in the air, the trees, and the earth. Understand its motion, speak its language, and the subtle currents that flow through all living things will fall under your command."
Stonybrook Banneret①Made from trout scales and crawfish whiskers, merrows' shimmering banners flash in the water like lightning.
Stonybrook Schoolmaster①Merrow schools rarely form by design. They come together naturally as eager learners surround the wisest teachers.
Stop That①Now for a squirt of lemon juice.
Storm Caller①He became elder shaman when his predecessor was mysteriously struck by lightning on a cloudless day.
Storm Crow①"It tells you that the worst is coming. Do you listen?"↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Storm Crow①"Watch for it! Right on its tailfeathers will be a storm from your nightmares."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skycaptain
Storm Crow①Storm crow descending, winter unending. Storm crow departing, summer is starting.
Storm Entity①Dweldian magi don't enter the Realm of Thrones when they die. Instead their souls are drawn to great works of magic.
Storm Fleet Aerialist①"Only one thing beats the freedom of the sea: the freedom of the sky."
Storm Fleet Arsonist①"Go ahead, build another. I'll burn that down as well."
Storm Fleet Pyromancer①"She's quick and fearless, and she's never missed a shot. That almost makes up for all the scorch marks she leaves behind."↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Storm Fleet Sprinter①"Charge like a red-hot cannonball straight to your target. You slow down, you sink."↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Storm Fleet Spy①"They're searching in the same direction we are. And for the same thing, I'll wager."
Storm Fleet Swashbuckler①"A bolt to the eye, a blade to the neck. That's the way to clear the deck!"
Storm Front①The calmest day on Rath would be thought a storm anywhere else.
Storm God's Oracle①The lives of Keranos's chosen are brief and brilliant as lightning.
Storm Herd①"When you hear thunder on a cloudless day, take cover and brace for the coming of the storm herd."↵-Skotov, Tin Street basket vendor
Storm King's Thunder①"I alone am worthy to decide where lighting strikes."↵-Hekaton, storm giant king
Storm Sculptor①In his hands, the wind can become a weapon or a means of escape.
Storm Shaman①"Embrace the storm. Its voice shall echo within you, and its fire shall become your touch!"↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Storm Shaman①"Embrace the storm. Its voice shall echo within you, and its fire shall become your touch!"↵-Lovisa Coldeyes,↵Balduvian Chieftain
Storm Shaman①"Let the lightning be your warning, and the thunder your battle cry."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Storm Shaman①She speaks with the voice of the winds, and the earth trembles.
Storm Spirit①"Come to us, with your lightning. Come to us, with your thunder. Serve us with your strength, and smite our foes with your power."↵-Steinar Icefist, Balduvian Shaman
Storm Spirit①"Come to us, with your lightning. Come to us, with your thunder. Serve us with your strength, and smite our foes with your power."↵-Steinar Icefist, Balduvian shaman
Storm Strike①"My shout is thunder and my fist is lightning!"
Storm of Forms①Beware the fine print.
Storm of Souls①Devotion does not end with death.
Storm the Citadel①"If we die, we die. But we cannot let him win."↵-Ajani Goldmane
Storm's Wrath①Distant thunder rumbled, a dread forewarning of Keranos's displeasure.
Storm-Kiln Artist①A captured elemental makes for a potent, albeit unstable, power source.
Stormbind①"Once, our people could call down the storm itself to do our bidding."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Stormbind①"Once, our people could call down the storm itself to do our bidding."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Stormblood Berserker①Blood is holy to those whose god is War.
Stormcaller of Keranos①A prayer answered by Keranos is clear for all to witness.
Stormcarved Coast①Frequent, violent storms shape the Nephalia coastline, sculpting cliffs and caves where monsters often lurk.
Stormchaser Drake①"Blasted drake's interfering with the conductivity again. Garl! Go chase it away."↵-Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Stormchaser Mage①Roilmages' tactics are as chaotic as the energies they channel.
Stormcloud Djinn①As fickle as lightning, as slippery as an eel.
Stormcloud Spirit①The spirits of all the rivers and oceans came together as an unstoppable force, unleashing their fury as lightning and thunder.
Stormcrag Elemental①The storms of Tarkir awaken more than dragons.
Stormfist Crusader①"As she reached the pinnacle, lightning flashed and her eyes blazed with newfound power."↵-*Legend of the Gilded Knights*
Stormfront Pegasus①"At summer's end, the pegasus herd stampedes across the sky. Their silent footfalls taunt the clouds and bid the rains to come."↵-Stormfront fable
Stormfront Pegasus①Its hooves touch the earth only when a hero must rise.
Stormrider Spirit①The weary travelers mistook the flickering lights for a candleguilde pointing the way to Harvesttide. Their relief turned to terror as lightning lit the sky.
Stormrider Spirit①Thunder isn't all that follows lightning.
Stormscape Familiar①Each Stormscape apprentice must hand-raise and train an owl before attaining the rank of master.
Stormsurge Kraken①Most see krakens as wantonly violent, failing to notice their meticulous attention to detail when dismantling a vessel.
Stormwatch Eagle①When eagles leave the sky, sailors leave the sea.
Stormwild Capridor①After a disastrous day of battle, Lavabrink's lightning mages were recalled.
Storrev, Devkarin Lich①In times of war, only death flourishes.
Story Seeker①Dwarven skalds are the most renowned storytellers in all of Kaldheim. They travel across the realms, seeking out heroic deeds and chronicling them in epic sagas.
Storybook Ride①The ride is whimsical and fun, except when it's broken.
Storybook Ride①You leave the ride either entertained or an elk. Usually the latter.
Strafe①"All right, let's light 'em up!"↵-Gerrard
Strands of Night①"I have seen the night torn into thin darkling strips and woven into shapes too bleak for dreams."↵-Crovax
Strands of Night①When the strands call, only the dead answer.
Strands of Undeath①"Why limit yourself to mortal law when you can outlive those who enforce it?"↵-Czaric, Orzhov prelate
Stranglehold①"Control the Halo and you control the whole city."↵-Jetmir
Stranglehold①The correct answer to a barbarian's riddle is to choke on your cleverness and die.
Strangleroot Geist①Geists of the hanged often haunt the tree on which they died.
Strangle①They'd warned him greed would be the death of him. He never thought to take it literally.
Strangling Grasp①The next day, the executioner was found with ashen handprints on his throat.
Strangling Soot①"What good is your blade without your breath?"↵-Greht, Gathan warlord
Strangling Spores①Imagine a thousand tiny mushrooms cropping up within your lungs.
Stratadon①Designed like the gargadons of Keld-big and brutal.
Strategic Planning①"Bolas remade this place in his image. He has the advantage here. We must approach carefully."↵-Jace Beleren
Strategic Planning①"I can offer only information, young one. What path you choose is up to you."↵-Jadzi, Oracle of Arcavios
Strategic Planning①"Plans evolved within the tent decide a victory 1,000 *li* away."
Strategic Planning①"Plans evolved within the tent decide a victory 1,000 li away."
Strategic Planning①Alrund sees the future as a whorl of signs and symbols, omens interwoven in a intricate knotwork only he can decipher.
Strategic Planning①Alrund sees the future as a whorl of signs and symbols, omens interwoven in an intricate knotwork only he can decipher.
Stratozeppelid①The "Days of Darkness" mark the stratozeppelids' annual migration, when for five days they blot out the sun and trumpet their passing.
Straw Golem①"Don't look at me. *I* didn't build it."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Straw Soldiers①The overnight appearance of miles of "armed" Wu forts at Guangling frightened a much vaster Wei force into fleeing for their lives.
Stream Hopper①Like many who dwell in Shadowmoor now, he was robbed of his better half by the Aurora.
Stream of Consciousness①"All things return to their beginnings. The waters that spill across the Kamitaki Falls flow to sea, only to be returned to her as the rain that joins the mighty river."↵-Dosan the Falling Leaf
Stream of Unconsciousness①Dreams are tempting because one is so powerful in them. Dreams are dangerous because that power is a lie.
Streambed Aquitects①"We look in the river and see scattered stones. A merrow looks and sees a map of Lorwyn."↵-Illulia, flamekin soulstoke
Street Riot①"They said obey and you'll be happy. They said you'll be safe. But we're not safe. We're not happy. And we will not obey."↵-Domri Rade
Street Savvy①"It takes more than swift feet and dark shadows to slip by me unnoticed."
Street Sweeper①The sweepers roam endlessly, scrubbing away the refuse-and anything else too slow or too clumsy to get out of their way.
Street Urchin①Your harsh upbringing on the streets of the city left you crafty, resilient, and wise beyond your years.
Street Wraith①The lamps on Wyndmoor Street snuff themselves at midnight and refuse to relight, afraid to illuminate what lies in the darkness.
Streetbreaker Wurm①The Orzhov run a construction unit whose only business is rebuilding the wreckage left in the wake of wurms. When business is slow, they pay Golgari carnomancers to lure the wurms to the surface.
Strength in Numbers①"The hermit dies. The outcast dies. The lone wolf dies. Only those who stick together survive this world."↵-Uros, Pendelhaven elder
Strength of Arms①"We fight not for Avacyn, but for her ideals; not for the church, but for its people."↵-Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
Strength of Cedars①"No sooner had the beast collapsed under the blows of Takeno's sword than the earth rippled and the creature rose again to face him."↵-*Battle of Akagi River: A Survivor's Tale*
Strength of Isolation①Don't mistake isolation for safety.
Strength of Lunacy①Don't confuse lunacy with courage.
Strength of Solidarity①"This expedition doesn't succeed unless we all succeed!"
Strength of Unity①All Dominarians agreed on one thing: they would not go down without a fight.
Strength of the Coalition①"Root and wing, claw and sword; this will be a memorable stand, indeed."↵-Lyra Dawnbringer
Strength of the Pack①The pack that ambushes, eviscerates, and devours together stays together.
Strength-Testing Hammer①"I don't know you, but that hammer rings a bell."
Strict Proctor①"You might believe being dead for centuries has made me more lenient. I think you'll find the opposite is true."
Strict Proctor①"You might believe being dead for centuries has made me more lenient. I think you'll find the opposite to be true."
Strider Harness①"Because the giant, implacable death lizard wasn't scary enough already."↵-Captain Brinely Rage
Strider Harness①"Sometimes being fast is as important as being smart."↵-Ryza, Oran-Rief scout
Strider Harness①Each journey begins with a single step-and sometimes ends with that single step as well.
Strike It Rich①A few coins soon grow into an obsession.
Striking Sliver①You're too busy recoiling in fear to realize that it's already hit you.
Strionic Resonator①Its tines cannot be rung by mere physical force. Only magic of great power can start its eldritch resonance.
Strip Bare①"All glamers lifted, all lies revealed, all flesh exposed."↵-Awylla, elvish safewright
Strip Mine①Unlike previous conflicts, the war between Urza and Mishra made Dominaria itself a casualty of war.
Strip Mine①Unlike previous conflicts, the war between Urza and Mishra made Dominia itself a casualty of war.
Striped Bears①"The bear is never cautious-which is why it wasn't born a human."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Striped Riverwinder①The denizens of the Luxa River woke angry on the currents of blood.
Stroke of Genius①After a hundred failed experiments, Urza was stunned to find that common silver passed through the portal undamaged. He immediately designed a golem made of the metal.
Stromgald Cabal①"Kjeldor must be supreme at any cost."↵-Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Stromgald Cabal①"Kjeldor must be supreme at any cost."↵-Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Stromgald Cabal①When the alliance between Balduvia and Kjeldor deprived Stromgald of easy victories, its agents were forced to fuel their rituals with their own flesh.
Stromgald Crusader①"The White-Shielders think their code justifies their actions. In truth it only binds their hands."
Stromkirk Bloodthief①With House Voldaren ascendant, some members of the Stromkirk line took it upon themselves to "borrow" from the blood tithes.
Stromkirk Captain①"No longer can we allow our human populations to be mindlessly slaughtered by ghouls. Slay all who trespass."↵-Runo Stromkirk
Stromkirk Condemned①"Blood from the vein is the finest vintage to accompany a feast of the mind."↵-Runo Stromkirk
Stromkirk Mentor①The lineage of Runo Stromkirk is known for producing some of Nephalia's greatest fencing masters.
Stromkirk Noble①"A responsible king walks among his subjects."
Stromkirk Patrol①"You'd best move along, human. Our palates are far less discerning than our master's."
Strongarm Monk①"His companions are wise to follow him, for his foes dare not stand in his way."↵-Zhiada, Dirgur protector
Strongarm Tactics①"If you can't pay your gambling debts, you just might be tomorrow's main attraction at the Grand Coliseum."
Strongarm Thug①"No, I insist-let *me* carry all that heavy jewelry."
Stronghold Assassin①The assassin sees only throats and hears only heartbeats.
Stronghold Biologist①He twists the laws of nature until they scream.
Stronghold Discipline①"Crovax never passes up an opportunity to cause widespread misery."↵-Belbe
Stronghold Discipline①In Urborg, the instigators of each new rebellion are soaked in the blood of the last.
Stronghold Machinist①She stretches the laws of physics until they snap.
Stronghold Rats①In the stronghold's dungeons, the shadows hide in the vermin.
Stronghold Taskmaster①"With the completion of each joyous task, we are closer to Yawgmoth's divine vision."↵-Stronghold architect, journal
Stronghold Zeppelin①As long as the stronghold controlled the sky, the rebels were doomed.
Structural Assault①After the attack on the Vantoleone, the fragile balance of power shattered completely, and the city descended into chaos.
Structural Collapse①The Gruul holiday of Rauck-Chauv always ends the same way.
Structural Distortion①"As Zendikar has bled, so will Innistrad. As I have wept, so will Sorin."↵-Nahiri
Stubborn Denial①The Temur have no patience for subtlety.
Student of Ojutai①"Human enlightenment is a firefly that sparks in the night. Dragon enlightenment is a beacon that disperses all darkness."
Study Break①"You've been cramming all night. You're taking a nap whether you like it or not."
Stuffed Bear①It takes a taxidermist of unusual skill to cleanly stuff and mount a beast without severing its primal, predatory drive.
Stumpsquall Hydra①In preparation to grow new heads, a hydra may rid itself of older ones.
Stun Sniper①The tips of her bolts are blunt, but her aim is deadly sharp.
Stunning Reversal①The line between victory and defeat can be as slim as a razor's edge.
Stunt Double①No duelist is without equal in Paliano.
Stun①"Fortunately, merfolk aren't used to opponents with feet."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Stun①"I concede it was a cheap shot, but it was the only one I could afford."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Stun①"I concede it was a cheap shot, but it was the only one I could afford."↵-Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Stun①"They certainly are well protected. Too bad for them they're not well balanced."↵-Sisay
Stupefying Touch①"A warrior without wit is simply meat."
Stupefying Touch①Just because your eyes are open doesn't mean you're awake.
Stupor①There are medicines for all afflictions but idleness. -Suq'Ata saying
Stupor①There are medicines for all afflictions but idleness.↵-Suq'Ata saying
Stymied Hopes①When a god's will is against you, the day never ends well.
Su-Chi①Flawed copies of relics from the Thran Empire, the Su-Chi were inherently unstable but provided useful knowledge for Tocasia's students.
Su-Chi①Flawed copies of relics from the Thran Empire, the su-chi were inherently unstable but provided useful knowledge for Tocasia's students.
Subcontract①Martha was in and out in exactly two minutes-thirty seconds to administer the poison plus a minute and a half to properly refold the napkins.
Subjugator Angel①The remnants of Innistrad's corrupted angelic hosts collapsed to form the Flight of Nightmares.
Sublime Exhalation①Exhale, and let the winds carry your soul for all eternity.
Submerged Boneyard①"Long after the land has given up the last of its secrets, there will still be mysteries in the depths of the sea."↵-Kiora
Submerged Boneyard①Aether currents in the sky mirror water currents below, including the deadly rapids.
Subterranean Scout①When things get ugly above ground, goblins resort to alternate routes of passage.
Subterranean Spirit①"Air hot with sulfur. / Earth heaves beneath me. / Could it be the mountain / ate something bad?"↵-Dwarven mining song
Subterranean Tremors①The market is now closed.
Subtle Strike①Renegades do some of their best work right under the Consulate's nose.
Subtle Strike①Silence is an underrated hunting strategy.
Subversion①Kerrick's corrupt domain swelled like a blister on Tolaria's skin.
Success!①"Those who witness my work often question its necessity. I've never understood that."↵-Dr. Julius Jumblemorph
Succumb to Temptation①"Restraint is for the meek."
Sudden Breakthrough①Rootha created constantly, passionately, in hopes of impressing her greatest critic: herself.
Sudden Death①Some mages tapped into the time rifts, forcing upon others alternate timelines in which unimaginable horrors befall them.
Sudden Demise①In the Skyfang Mountains, one misstep can mean the end of an entire clan.
Sudden Edict①"In one future, I see glory. In the other . . . well, that's another story."↵-Whisper, blood liturgist
Sudden Edict①Intent: This illustration uses an existing visual gag that shows the moments before and after a spell was cast. We'd like you to use this visual gag for a spell that destroys a creature.
Sudden Impact①"Some say it's better to think before you act. While those people are considering all the options, that's usually when I kill them."↵-Dravus, lava mage
Sudden Impact①Caught red-handed.
Sudden Impact①Most people know better. Goblins only know bigger.
Sudden Impact①The *Predator* roared like an unruly beast, and the *Weatherlight* suddenly listed. "No!" screamed Hanna.
Sudden Insight①A lucky draw from the Deck of Many Things gave Voltusk an inexplicable flash of understanding that he spent the rest of his life trying to repeat.
Sudden Reclamation①"There is no secret buried so deep that we will never find it."↵-Kurtar, Sultai necromancer
Sudden Shock①Arc mages aren't known for their patience.
Sudden Spinnerets①"What's natural on Ikoria continues to delight me."↵-Vivien Reid
Sudden Storm①No matter how big and strong you are, the sea is bigger and stronger.
Sudden Strength①The Mirari's magic transformed the Krosan Forest-and its inhabitants.
Sudden Substitution①"Bow before the might of-wait, what?"
Suffer the Past①Ulamog's tentacles, their touch like burning ice, rummaged through his soul and stung his memories one by one.
Suffocating Fumes①"Yesterday it was flying tigers and crumbling bridges. Who knows what today will bring?"↵-Dol, Lavabrink quartermaster
Suicidal Charge①"They think they're winning. But they're just lining up to be dinner."↵-Rakka Mar
Suit Up①With a reckless leap into the pilot's seat, Hirori went from smallest kid on the block to biggest hero in the city.
Suleiman's Legacy①With Suleiman's ascension to power, the djinn and efreets of ancient Rabiah learned humility.
Sulfur Falls①"We have inherited the mysteries of the Thran, but few of the answers."↵-Jhoira
Sulfur Falls①Skirsdag cultists meet behind a waterfall's curtain and plot with demonic forces.
Sulfuric Vapors①It was the dragons who first learned to chase their prey into the vapors before igniting them.
Sulfurous Blast①The Keldons used the toxic vents in the cracked earth to bolster their home's defenses.
Sulfurous Mire①"In my youth, we used to best each other at hopping rabbit-fast between the lava spouts, the burning tar spattering our legs."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Sulfurous Springs①Everything is flammable in the Burning Isles, even the mana itself.
Sultai Banner①Power to dominate, cruelty to rule.
Sultai Charm①"Strike," the fumes hiss. "Raise an empire with your ambition."
Sultai Emissary①To the Sultai, Ugin's power was just one more resource to be exploited.
Sultai Flayer①"You can have the body, necromancer. I just want the skin."
Sultai Scavenger①Since they guard armies of walking carrion, Sultai aven are never far from a meal.
Sultai Skullkeeper①A skullkeeper is the first to arrive after the palace archers strike down intruders, probing their brains for choice bits of knowledge.
Sultai Soothsayer①The naga of the Sultai Brood made deals with dark forces to keep their power.
Summary Dismissal①"Let's start fresh, shall we?"
Summary Judgment①Any challenge to Azorius authority is met with swift and potent retribution.
Summer Bloom①"All the treasures of this world are grown, not made."
Summer Bloom①"Our love is like the river in the summer season of long rains. / For a little while it spilled its banks, flooding the crops in the fields."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Summer Bloom①Summer sends its kiss with warmth and blooming life.
Summit Apes①"If you climb Skyfang Peak, avoid the pass. Generations of apes made that trail, and they don't tolerate trespassers."↵-Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Summit Prowler①"Do you hunt the yetis of the high peaks, stripling? They are as fierce as the bear that fears no foe and as sly as the mink that creeps unseen. You will be as much prey as they."↵-Nitula, the Hunt Caller
Summit Prowler①"Do you not hunt the yetis of the high peaks, stripling? Their meat is as tender as a bear's and their blood as warming as fire. They are prey that will please Atarka."↵-Surrak, the Hunt Caller
Summon Undead①The air itself shuddered at the wizard's words, and from the dark beyond, her call was answered.
Summon the School①"When merrows talk, listeners grow fins."↵-Kithkin saying
Summoner's Bane①"I don't need to have the perfect plan. My foe just has to have an imperfect one."↵-Jace Beleren
Sun Clasp①"And darkness shall be cast from me For my soul resides in the Sun."↵-Femeref dirge
Sun Quan, Lord of Wu①"One score and four he reigned, the Southland king: / A dragon coiled, a tiger poised below the mighty Yangtze."
Sun Sentinel①"I will not sleep until Orazca is ours once more."
Sun Sentinel①Just as the sun rises at dawn and the days lengthen in the summer, the Sun Empire has awakened after long years of quiet.
Sun Titan①A blazing sun that never sets.
Sun's Bounty①"Heidar has forced the sun into hiding, but it has not forgotten us."
Sun-Blessed Mount①When Huatli chooses a mount, its eyes glow with the flames of the sun.
Sun-Collared Raptor①"With Tilonalli's gifts, even the smallest of us can become great."↵-Huatli
Sun-Crested Pterodon①"Pterodons tolerate no intrusion into their skies. Even the clouds must ask permission."↵-Mahuiz, Sun Empire archer
Sun-Crowned Hunters①One alone is dangerous, and they are never alone.
Sunastian Falconer①Sunastian has roots in both sorcery and swordplay; he has learned never to depend too heavily on the latter.
Sunbaked Canyon①Since the river ran dry, travelers wander where fish once swam.
Sunbathing Rootwalla①A rootwalla's prey includes anything or anyone that wanders into view.
Sunbeam Spellbomb①"Cure that which was never ill."↵-Spellbomb inscription
Sunblade Angel①At Feather's command, squadrons of battle angels swarmed out of the *Parhelion II*, unsheathing blades made of molten dawn.
Sunblade Elf①"We patrol the steppes to keep enemies from the forest verge."
Sunblast Angel①There may exist powers even greater than Phyrexia.
Sunbond①"I was not chosen for my faith in the gods. Sometimes the gods must put their faith in us."↵-Elspeth
Sunder Shaman①"You take our wilds, we take your city."
Sunder from Within①Trapped for eons within the sacred gong, the kami boomed and clanged to a deafening tempo as they destroyed their erstwhile prison.
Sundering Growth①"One day every pillar will be a tree and every hall a glade."↵-Trostani
Sundering Titan①"Even if we defeat it, what remains to be saved?"↵-Glissa Sunseeker
Sundering Titan①"Truth be told, my team had hoped never to see the day it was deployed."↵-Consulate engineer's log
Sundering Vitae①Centuries of wind, rain, and roots compressed into an instant of destruction: such is the power of Selesnya.
Sunder①The flow of time was disrupted; like a flooding river it rose from its banks. Tolaria was drowned in an instant that stretched toward infinity.
Sundown Pass①Riders chase the fading light recklessly through the mountains, desperate for one last glimpse of day.
Sunflare Shaman①A spark to light the guttered heart.
Sungold Barrage①Heida allowed herself a moment of satisfaction as she watched the beast fall, then turned to seek another foe. It would be a long, long night.
Sungrace Pegasus①The sacred feathers of the pegasus are said to have healing powers.
Sungrass Egg①"Has your peaceful nature led you on a crusade?"↵-Watnik, master glassblower
Sungrass Prairie①On Otaria, peace and harmony are rare. Places that provide both are cherished.
Sungrass Prairie①The ancient magic of the sun elves keeps these lands in an eternal summer.
Sunhome Enforcer①"Law soothed his savage heart. Where fury once burned, the enduring flame of order now shines."↵-Razia
Sunhome Stalwart①"Before I let you wield one of these, let's see you dodge one!"
Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion①Sunhome-the stalwart shield, the towering sentinel, the seat of justice.
Sunken Field①The land is heavy with promise, the harvest ripe with betrayal.
Sunken Hollow①Abandoned tunnels and bunkers below the hive city have been secretly recolonized and dubbed the "Forbidden Cities."
Sunken Hollow①On the continent of Tazeem, rushing waters plunge through narrow canyons into mist-cloaked lakes.
Sunken Hope①"I don't concern myself with my enemy's hopes. Hopes follow the tides. They will retreat soon enough."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Sunken Hope①While Dominarians fought for their world, Rath stole it from under their feet.
Sunken Ruins①Without the care of the tideshapers, the Lanes lie neglected. Some have flooded entire towns; others dried to cracked mud.
Sunlance①"It's easy for the innocent to speak of justice. They seldom feel its terrible power."↵-Orim, Samite inquisitor
Sunlit Hoplite①"Even in her absence, the light Elspeth kindled in our hearts never faltered."
Sunlit Marsh①Even the poisoned land around the Stronghold blossomed with new life in the wake of the Great Mending.
Sunmane Pegasus①Chosen by Heliod, Daxos approached the pegasus without fear, and rode it without saddle or reins.
Sunpetal Grove①To the Sun Empire, any place where daylight brightens the jungle floor is sacred ground.
Sunrise Cavalier①"Like us, the morning fights for survival."
Sunrise Sovereign①A hundred generations has he mentored, a hundred armies has he crushed beneath his feet, yet only a hundred words has he ever spoken, each more revered than a hundred books.
Sunscape Familiar①The spirits of fallen battlemages can serve their guilds as familiars by joining with any physical form.
Sunscorch Regent①"We trust in the scalelords, bringers of justice that none can escape."↵-Urdnan, Dromoka warrior
Sunscorched Desert①The only relief in sight is a mirage.
Sunseed Nurturer①Sunseeders quest for areas of open sky. They train plowbeasts to beat back the dense jungle long enough to cultivate a crop.
Sunset Pyramid①Decades to build. Hours to demolish.
Sunspear Shikari①Left without their leader Raksha, the leonin split into two prides: one side supported the regent kha, while the other rebelled in fury.
Sunspire Gatekeepers①"You will pass with respect, or you will not pass at all."
Sunspire Griffin①"For each griffin wounded by an arrow, there's a corpse with a bow nearby."↵-Pel Javya, Wojek investigator
Sunstone①"I dispute Relicbane's hysterical allegations, Commissioner, but it is true that these artifacts can be dangerous."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Suntail Hawk①"Our forebears once flew like this-carefree, needing nothing but a warm nest and a full belly. Our intellect may be more burden than blessing."↵-Commander Eesha
Suntail Hawk①"They are the finest companions in the realm. Swift, clever, and easily trained to hunt intruders."↵-Almira, falconer
Suntail Hawk①Its eye the glaring sun, its cry the keening wind.
Suntouched Myr①As the fifth sun joins the other four, new abilities awaken in the creatures of Mirrodin.
Sunweb①"There is no sweeter music than the wails of a dying dragon."↵-Rashida Scalebane
Sunweb①Sometimes the wings of fallen dragons refuse to give up the sky.
Super Secret Tech①"Ooh . . . shiny!"
Super-Duper Death Ray①"Comin' through!"
Super-Duper Lost①Fblthp decided to get some sleep, nestled among the plush Ajanis until morning.
Supernatural Stamina①"All are not equal-neither in life nor after death. Bontu's favorites will stand highest in eternity."↵-Senifet, vizier of Bontu
Supersize①You want "mise" with that?
Supplant Form①"Ice can be shaped to any form, even the whisper of a memory."↵-Mytha, Temur shaman
Supply Caravan①"We each have a weight to carry on the road to the afterlife."↵-Oketra, god of solidarity
Supply Runners①Good dogs stay by your side until the end. Great dogs leave to bring back aid.
Supply-Line Cranes①They are trained from hatching to deliver aid where it is needed most.
Suppression Bonds①"A master of hieromancy can see the advantage in any scenario."↵-Warden Hixus, to Kytheon
Suppression Field①The most feared of Azorius punishments is to be freed-sent back out into the world, stripped of all magical defenses.
Supreme Inquisitor①"It's hard to fight on an empty mind."
Supreme Phantom①A king's knowledge does not vanish when the heart stops beating.
Supreme Verdict①"I'll grant that the siege engines are gone, but do you think that might have been a bit of overkill?"↵-Sergeant Malsworth
Supreme Verdict①Leonos had no second thoughts about the abolishment edict. He'd left skyrunes warning of the eviction, even though it was cloudy.
Suq'Ata Firewalker①"Comfortable even in a furnace? I've never met one who'd accept my wager."↵-Talibah, embermage
Suq'Ata Lancer①"Never stop 'til you see your lance come out the other side."↵-Telim'Tor
Sure Strike①"Everyone has a weak spot."
Sure Strike①"I packed three more electroconduits into each test wand. You'll experience a brief tingling sensation."
Sure Strike①Before the officiant even had a chance to ask if anyone objected to the Voldaren-Markov union, Arlinn made her opinion known.
Sure Strike①To survive imminent doom, it sometimes takes a foolhardy soul who acts first and fears later.
Sure-Footed Infiltrator①"I've yet to discover the ruin that can keep me out."
Surge Mare①When it passes, waves touch the sky.
Surge Node①Without a foe to focus on, the machine priests had time to indulge in new sciences.
Surge of Righteousness①Though she stood alone, she struck with the force of an army.
Surge of Thoughtweft①Kithkin weave together their very thoughts, creating a depth of cooperation unknown to other races.
Surge of Zeal①"If only my poxes were as infectious as their zealotry."↵-Savra
Surgeon General Commander①Likes: augmentation, fluffy animals, creative templating.
Surgespanner①They ride on waves of Æther, washing out anything that might pollute the Merrow Lanes.
Surrak Dragonclaw①Both his rank and his scars were earned in single combat against a cave bear.
Surrak, the Hunt Caller①"The greatest honor is to feed Atarka."
Surrakar Banisher①Surrakar grab things they *don't* want.
Surrakar Banisher①Surrakar grab things they don't want.
Surrender Your Thoughts①"Or, if you prefer, just surrender."
Surtland Flinger①Victory before camaraderie.
Surveilling Sprite①Their natural curiosity, combined with a knack for trespassing, makes sprites excellent spies.
Survey the Wreckage①Goblins and architects seldom get along.
Survive the Night①The longest nights are measured not in hours, but in heartbeats.
Survivors' Bond①"And what did we learn? Never taunt a porcuparrot!"
Survivors' Encampment①"What will happen to us?" they asked. The vizier paused. "I think . . . I think that's up to us now."
Suspend①Time moves in mysterious ways.
Suspicious Bookcase①All the books were dusty with disuse, save the one titled *Camouflage and Its Practical Applications*.
Suspicious Bookcase①The great library in the Museum of Old Capenna has a million volumes on display-and miles of passages hidden behind them.
Suspicious Nanny①"Afternoon, folks. Lovely day for a stroll with my authentic human baby."
Sustainer of the Realm①"The harder you push, the stronger we become."↵-Radiant, to Urza
Sustainer of the Realm①You may break her shield, but you'll never break her spirit.
Sustaining Spirit①"Faith is our greatest protector."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Sustaining Spirit①"Faith is our greatest protector."↵-Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Sustenance①Like the dryads, the forest itself willingly gives up some of its life for the sake of the future.
Suture Spirit①Is her need to heal born out of compassion or penance?
Svyelunite Priest①"Early Vodalians worshipped Svyelun, goddess of the Pearl Moon. Later she became a more abstract figure."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. V*
Swab Goblin①Though small, goblins can hold their own in a fight. Foolhardy confidence goes a long way.
Swaggering Corsair①"I'm about to make you famous. From the golden city to High and Dry, they'll talk about how fast you died!"
Swallow Whole①"World's better with one fewer poacher in it."↵-Winota, heartbonder
Swallowing Plague①"We are recalling all forces from the Takenuma Swamp. We lose men daily to kami attacks, and it seems our defeats only encourage them further."↵-General Takeno, letter to Lord Konda
Swamp①As a plague ravages the world above, you've made your way into the Underdark in search of a fungal panacea.
Swamp①As you trudge through the sewers of Baldur's Gate it dawns on you: where are all the rats?
Swamp①At the mouth of the sewer pipe, you realize it's massive enough that even a giant could walk through without stooping. That gives you an idea . . .
Swamp①Now that you've clearly hit the "marsh" part of Lizard Marsh, you begin to worry about the "lizard" part.
Swamp①The old wizard's experiments destroyed the castle centuries ago. So why does some of the rubble look recent?
Swamp①The sudden sinkhole was surprising enough, but nothing could have prepared you for the ancient city that was hidden underneath.
Swamp①You expected to meet hostile drow in this ancient ruin . . . but they fled long ago. What darkness could have driven them out?
Swamp①Your search for a stolen artifact has brought you to the edge of the Mere of Dead Men.
Swan Song①"The most enlightened mages create beauty from violence."↵-Medomai the Ageless
Swan Song①The gracefulness of their flight makes one wonder whether Nature or, indeed, a rare sort of Magic lifts their wings.
Swans of Bryn Argoll①Any being that harms them quickly learns its lesson.
Swarm Intelligence①The Locust God's children were numberless, relentlessly eating away every trace of the city's protection.
Swarm Surge①The Eldrazi rampaged across Zendikar in a tide of chittering, heaving flesh.
Swarm of Bloodflies①In the Gudul delta, bloodfly bites are indistinguishable from spear wounds.
Swarm of Rats①"Rats, rats, rats Hundreds, thousands, millions of them, and every one a life."↵-Bram Stoker, *Dracula*
Swarm of Rats①"Rats, rats, rats! Hundreds, thousands, millions of them, and every one a life."↵-Bram Stoker, *Dracula*
Swarmyard①Each winter, squirrel elders tell tales of the fabled Nut Hoard of the Fallen Oaks. Each spring, young squirrels leave home in hopes of finding it.
Swarmyard①Where scavengers nest in hollowed-out rib cages and chittering crawlers peer from empty eye sockets, few dare to trespass.
Swashbuckling①The pirates of the Brazen Coalition are the descendants of those displaced by the Legion of Dusk, and they are eager for vengeance.
Swathcutter Giant①"Now do you understand what we meant when we said *disperse*?"↵-Eksari, Boros patrol leader
Swat①Few who cross Phage have the chance to repeat the mistake.
Sway of Illusion①"I suggest you take a closer look."↵-Tidal visionary
Sweatworks Brawler①The residents of Embraal were never known for finesse, just for getting things done.
Sweep Away①The Roil takes many forms. It also takes many victims.
Sweep the Skies①A gleam of refracted light is often the only warning.
Sweet Oblivion①When memory is torment, oblivion is bliss.
Swell of Courage①"Tideshaping is more than creating a few new puddles."
Swell of Growth①"Nissa is not the only one with a deep connection to Zendikar's primal elements."↵-Kiora
Sweltering Suns①The Hekma may repel storms and monsters, but nothing holds back the heat of the suns.
Swelter①No circle has a beginning, but many have foreseeable ends.
Swerve①"We can't beat the necromancers in numbers or raw power. We must beat them with ingenuity and timing."↵-Rannon, Vithian holdout
Swift Justice①"Having conviction is more important than being righteous."↵-Aurelia
Swift Kick①Shintan sensed the malice in his opponent, but he did not strike until the orc's muscles tensed in preparation to throw the first punch.
Swift Maneuver①Darien's call to Yavimaya would have fallen red to the snow had it not been for the agility of the aesthir.
Swift Reconfiguration①On the bright side, the bear now had cupholders.
Swift Response①"There's nothing quite as satisfying as delivering a good kick to the face."↵-Adrasteia, Akroan captain
Swift Silence①"This world may not know peace, but in my presence you *will* know quiet."↵-Augustin IV
Swift Spinner①Its web is woven so tightly that not even geists can avoid capture.
Swift Warden①A warning shout would take too long.
Swiftblade Vindicator①A swiftblade is an artist, each fiery trail of their blades a fleeting masterpiece traced on the air.
Swiftfoot Boots①"There is great wisdom in rushing headlong into combat . . . if you're prepared."↵-Kenjek, captain of the Thousand Swords
Swiftfoot Boots①"There is great wisdom in rushing headlong into combat … if you're prepared."↵-Kenjek, captain of the Thousand Swords
Swiftfoot Boots①One who wears magical *boots of striding and springing* can jump astounding distances.
Swiftwater Cliffs①In its attempts to mirror Tzeentch's convoluted scheming, the Crystal Labyrinth constantly shifts and rearranges itself.
Swimmer in Nightmares①Ashiok's minions plumb the depths of the ocean and the psyche.
Swinging Ship①"A good ride should always feel like something has gone terribly wrong."↵-*Salzon's Ride Review*
Swinging Ship①"I feel just like Kari Zev! Ragavan, set a course for Lathnu!"↵-Vorthos, Steward of Myth
Swirling Sandstorm①As dust swept out, vultures swept in.
Swirling Spriggan①After its encounter with the spriggan, the patrol was red with anger, green with envy, white with fear, and painfully black and blue.
Swirling Torrent①"Oops!"↵-Grupgrup, sluiceway technician
Switcheroo①Say hello to your new friend.
Sword Coast Sailor①You were born at sea, and your legs are steadiest when the waves are rowdiest.
Sword Dancer①Most soldiers think of the sword as a weapon. In the hands of Zho monks, swords are also the strongest of shields.
Sword of Truth and Justice①"'The name of it,' said the lady, 'is Excalibur.'"↵-Sir Thomas Malory, *Le Morte d'Arthur*
Sword of Vengeance①When wielded by a true believer, it matters little whether the sword is a relic or a replica.
Sword of the Animist①The blade glows only for Zendikar's chosen.
Sword of the Chosen①One shard of Selenia yet remained.
Sword of the Realms①It cuts through the Cosmos itself, carving new Omenpaths between the realms.
Sword-Point Diplomacy①"Take my blood if you want. Just don't take my gold!"
Swords to Plowshares①"Hunger is no different from any other foe; defeat it in the Emperor's name, and save Humanity."↵-Motto of the Argi-World Viridia IV
Swords to Plowshares①"Peace hath her victories / No less renownd than war."↵-John Milton, "To the Lord General Cromwell"
Swords to Plowshares①"Peace hath her victories↵No less renownd than war."↵-John Milton,↵"To the Lord General Cromwell"
Swords to Plowshares①"Rather than be hunted in the shadows, I choose to face the real enemy. I am not afraid of monsters I can see."↵-The Emperor
Swords to Plowshares①"The arc of my blade has carved a path of light for the peace that will follow."
Swords to Plowshares①"The blademaster turned his fury to his new foes: root rot and cabbage slugs."↵-*Myths and Miracles, Vol. VII*
Swords to Plowshares①"The so-called Barbarians will not respect us for our military might-they will respect us for our honor."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Swords to Plowshares①"The so-called barbarians will not respect us for our military might -they will respect us for our honor."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Swords to Plowshares①"The so-called barbarians will not respect us for our military might-they will respect us for our honor."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Swords to Plowshares①"The so-called barbarians will not respect us for our military might-they will respect us for our honor."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter,↵leader of the Order of the White Shield
Swords to Plowshares①He stood transfixed, able to do nothing but ponder a life of peace and redemption. It was the worst five minutes of his life.
Swords to Plowshares①The smallest seed of regret can bloom into redemption.
Swords to Plowshares①WE SHALL MELT THEM IN FIRE.
Swordwise Centaur①The girl who would become the Champion of the Sun hacked furiously at the practice dummy. At last she stopped, breathing heavily, and looked up at her instructor. "So much anger," said the centaur. "I will teach you the ways of war, child. But first you must make peace with yourself."↵-*The Theriad*
Sworn Companions①"The trouble with youths these days is that, in outright defiance of their elders, they refuse to be bought."↵-Karlov of the Ghost Council
Sworn Guardian①For the River Heralds, the Immortal Sun is an object of terror and devastation. The idea that anyone would retrieve it for their own use is utterly abhorrent.
Sygg, River Cutthroat①"It's not a matter of deserving. It's a matter of strength. The power to hold versus the power to take."
Sygg, River Guide①"If there's a place worth going, the Merrow Lanes already do. And if there's a route worth taking, yours truly already has."
Sylvan Advocate①"The land gives of itself. Its abundance provides, even in times of chaos."
Sylvan Anthem①Action: This is an abstract illustration that celebrates green creatures.
Sylvan Anthem①The harsher the winter, the more glorious the spring.↵-Yavimaya saying
Sylvan Awakening①"Yavimaya is aware, but not always awake. You will know the difference when you see it."↵-Karn
Sylvan Basilisk①"We're not sure what one looks like, so to be safe, nobody look at anything until we're out of here."↵-Parbold Drix, veteran explorer
Sylvan Bounty①Some who scouted new lands chose to stay.
Sylvan Brushstrider①The mournful lowing of brushstriders warns of changing weather and ill winds.
Sylvan Caryatid①Those who enter the copse never leave. They find peace there and take root, becoming part of the ever-growing grove.
Sylvan Echoes①It takes a huntmaster's eye to discern the contours of mythical prey.
Sylvan Library①2021 Legacy Champion
Sylvan Ranger①"Not all paths are found on the forest floor."
Sylvan Safekeeper①"He has been to the heart of the wood. Did you truly expect to wield power over him?"↵-Oakhide druid
Sylvan Safekeeper①"How could someone so small cause so much trouble?"↵-Nomad sentry
Sylvan Scrying①"As long as there is a single shred of life, there is hope."↵-Nissa Revane
Sylvan Scrying①One glimpse of an elf's home lasts her weeks away in the wild.
Sylvan Tutor①The whole of creation stood transfixed, silenced by the weight of anticipation.
Sylvan Yeti①The deeper the wood, the greater its strength.
Sylvok Explorer①Any creature on a druid's shoulder is his family, any land under his feet his home.
Sylvok Lifestaff①The druid's lifestaff connects her to generations of bygone Sylvok.
Sylvok Replica①All the zeal of the Sylvok with only a trace of their conservancy.
Symbiosis①Although the elves of Argoth always considered them a nuisance, the pixies made fine allies during the war against the machines.
Symbiotic Beast①The insects found a meal in the carrion of the beast's prey. The beast found a spiffy new hairstyle.
Symbiotic Deployment①"You know your orders. I know your hearts. Now the stronghold will know defeat."↵-Eladamri
Symbiotic Elf①The elves arriving in Wirewood had no homes, let alone weapons, but they knew that the forest would always provide.
Symbiotic Wurm①The insects keep the wurm's hide free from parasites. In return, the wurm doesn't eat the insects.
Symbol Status①"Everyone break into teams. Weaponry, you're with me. Nature group, meet by the palm tree. Stoneworks and metalworks, follow the anvil. Everyone else, gather around the giant V."↵-Sword of Kaldra
Symbol of Unsummoning①". . . inviting the soul to wander for a spell in abysses of solitude . . . ."↵-Kate Chopin, *The Awakening*
Symbol of Unsummoning①". . . inviting the soul to wander for a spell in abysses of solitude . . . ."↵-Kate Chopin, The Awakening
Symmetry Sage①"By my calculations, I should be able to achieve true enlightenment before graduation."
Synapse Sliver①"Species XR17 feeds upon the mental energies of its victims. This explains why the goblins remain unaffected."↵-Riptide Project researcher
Synchronized Spellcraft①"Ready? One... two..."
Synchronized Strike①Khenra are almost always born as twins. Their instinctual connection lends itself well to their preferred fighting style.
Synchronous Sliver①"With a twitch of its muscles, its timeline forks. Then, just as quickly, its two selves reintegrate. Causality, strangely, seems not to mind."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Syncopate①"Fool! Can't you see the tide has turned against you?"
Syncopate①"Memories can't simply be washed away. The mind must be scrubbed clean."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Syncopate①"Patience, mage. Killing you now would be too easy."
Syncopate①The fire spell stuttered and broke. Its pieces reached Teferi out of rhythm, meaningless.
Syndic of Tithes①"Entrance is free. Donations are required."↵-Notice outside Vizkopa Bank
Syndicate Enforcer①Even the darkest corners of Ravnica still lie in the shadow of the Church.
Syndicate Infiltrator①The mansion's vaulted ceilings provided the perfect cover for an ambush.
Syndicate Messenger①"Many wings haunt the skies these days. Few of them bear good tidings."↵-Lavinia
Syndicate Trafficker①"The price isn't negotiable, but I'm sure you'll agree it's fair."
Synod Artificer①Memnarch shared a touch of his power with the vedalken in return for their service. It is a debt he intends to collect.
Synod Centurion①"We order them to stand, they stand. We order them to wait, they wait. We order them to die, they die."↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Synthetic Destiny①To Jin-Gitaxias, perfection is not a goal, but a process.
Syphon Essence①The third step in creating a skaab requires draining the body of blood and replacing it with *viscus vitae*, a mixture of angel's blood and lamp oil.
Syphon Flesh①Necromancers deal in commodities far more precious than gold and grain.
Syphon Life①Leeches never tire of feeding.
Syphon Mind①When tempers run high, it's easy to lose your head.
Syphon Sliver①When the hive must feed, every appendage becomes an additional mouth.
Syphon Soul①"Her lips suck forth; see, where it flies!"↵-Christopher Marlowe, *The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus*
Syphon Soul①As Phage drank their energy, a vague memory of Jeska stirred. Then she lost herself again in the joy of her victims' suffering.
Syr Alin, the Lion's Claw①"The realm must never yield to the chaos of the wilds."
Syr Carah, the Bold①"Duty and honor are reasons enough, but beating you will also be a pleasure."
Syr Faren, the Hengehammer①"Words are pointless. It's what you do with your hammer that counts."
Syr Gwyn, Hero of Ashvale①Squires throughout the realm aspire to her mix of panache and martial prowess.
Sythis, Harvest's Hand①"Through every verdant field, every bough that hangs heavy with fruit, Karametra shows her love."
Sythis, Harvest's Hand①Action: We'd like you to design Sythis, a legendary green- and white-aligned female dryad who's closely tied to Karametra, the god of the harvest (p.26)
T.A.P.P.E.R.①"'Technologically-Advanced People-Pleasing Entertainment Robot', eh? Nice hat. Would be a shame if something happened to it."↵-"Brims" Barone, midway mobster
Tablet of Epityr①Originally considered the work of Urza, this tablet was created by forgers seeking to imitate Urza's masterpieces.
Tablet of the Guilds①It is rumored the Azorius paid an exorbitant sum to ensure its symbol would appear at the top.
Tah-Crop Skirmisher①Initiates live and train with their crop, the unit that begins the trials together.
Tahngarth's Rage①"Taste my horns!"↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Tahngarth①Tahngarth, first mate of the *Weatherlight* under Sisay, knows that there are really only two forms of life: the ugly ones and the minotaurs. A narcissist, he considers the condition of his hide as important as the accuracy of his blade.
Taigam's Scheming①"The Jeskai would have me bow in restraint. So I have found a people unafraid of true power."
Taiga①2017 European Legacy Champion
Tail Slash①"Kneel before a dragon and you will be spared when it turns to leave."↵-Yikaro, Atarka warrior
Tainted Aether①Gix despised the sylvan morass. The gouge that the portal had torn in the forest was the only pleasing sight.
Tainted Aether①Pockets of Æther can be so foul they melt flesh from bone.
Tainted Indulgence①Their toast to good health went immediately, horribly awry.
Tainted Monkey①"C'mon, choose 'monkey.' Everybody loves monkeys!"
Tainted Remedy①"Drink this, brother. It will bring you rest."↵-Liliana Vess
Tainted Sigil①Sigils corrupted by outsiders do not lose their power, only their purity.
Tainted Strike①"Welcome to perfection."↵-Sheoldred, Whispering One
Tainted Well①"No, *you* get the water. I ain't thirsty."↵-Squee
Tajic, Blade of the Legion①"I run the maze alone, but I fight with the full might of the Legion."
Tajuru Beastmaster①"My mount needs neither reins nor bridle. We both share a common purpose."
Tajuru Blightblade①Ora Ondar, the Khalni Garden, is a lush tangle of growth in the harsh lands of Akoum. Its plant growth is marvelously diverse: a brilliant spectrum of vibrant life . . . and speedy death.
Tajuru Pathwarden①"My people blazed these pathways long ago, before the Eldrazi came. We will ride them long after the Eldrazi are gone."
Tajuru Preserver①"No more blood shall be spilled to satisfy another's deluded lust for power."
Tajuru Snarecaster①Elves of the Tajuru Nation spend their lives in the ancient jaddi trees' expansive canopy, some living and dying without ever touching the ground.
Tajuru Stalwart①"In its time of hardship, all of Zendikar cries out in pain. Are you listening?"
Tajuru Warcaller①Her rallying cry reaches far beyond the Tajuru elves, inspiring all those who hear it.
Takara①Takara banishes the shadow of her father's ignoble reputation through the dedication, plain speaking, and swift action of a warrior. By refusing Starke's path of self-interest and opportunism, she has learned what he never will know: the value of sacrifice for a worthy cause.
Take Down①The drake flew true. The arrow flew truer.
Take Heart①In the quiet before a battle, Boros soldiers whisper prayers that steady their nerves and focus their minds.
Take Inventory①A place for everything, and everything in its place.
Take Up Arms①"Many scales make the skin of a dragon."↵-Abzan wisdom
Take Up the Shield①"You are all part of my pride. As long as I live, I will protect you."
Take Vengeance①"Your death will be a balm, your passing a welcome revision, and all will sigh with peace to know of your demise."
Take into Custody①"You can tell me what I want to know, or you can talk to the Chief of Compliance. Why don't you make it easy on yourself?"
Take to the Streets①No institution, however grand, can withstand the collective will of the people.
Takeno's Cavalry①At night he perfected his aim, shooting spiderwebs by starlight.
Takenuma Bleeder①"I prefer to weave my magic through oni blood, but yours will do in a pinch."
Talara's Bane①"Your thoughts betray you."↵-Illulia of Nighthearth
Talara's Battalion①The safewright Talara protects a delicate woodland waterfall. She has vowed to send wave after wave of warriors to slay any who would dare disturb its beauty.
Talas Air Ship①"Their ships pollute our air as they themselves pollute our forest."↵-Arathel, elvish queen
Talas Lookout①"The Talas pirates are motivated by money, so we paid them twice what they could steal from us to spy for us instead."↵-Jhoira
Talas Merchant①The trader let loose a laugh that made all around him check their purses.
Talas Researcher①From time, knowledge. From knowledge, power.
Talas Scout①"Scouting a battle before you fight it is just good business."↵-Jefan, Talas ship captain
Talas Warrior①The sea is in their blood. Literally.
Tale's End①"When you are gone, will anyone remember your story?"↵-Unknown
Talisman of Conviction①"The sun banishes darkness every morning. I too will rise with such assuredness."↵-Huatli
Talisman of Creativity①"Good ideas don't take time. They take a lot of bad ideas first."↵-Ral Zarek
Talisman of Creativity①"It is my cry that wakes you in the night, and my body that crouches in the shadow. I am Tzeentch and you are the puppet that dances to my tune."↵-*The Book of Tzeentch*
Talisman of Curiosity①"The pain of exploring is less than the pain of not knowing."↵-Tamiyo
Talisman of Dominance①"As swift as a lash mamba, as sharp as a spineleaf, a stubborn as a wild grox."↵-Colonel Pannet, in praise of the Catachan warrior
Talisman of Dominance①"My Master is the Beginning and he is the End. He is the Master of Mortals, and the core of our Dead Hearts."↵-*The Saga of Khorne*
Talisman of Hierarchy①"We shall wage this war with undaunted faith and courage. We shall not take one step back."↵-Lord Marshal Toshenko to the Vostroyan 16th
Talisman of Hierarchy①"You'll never get to the top if you don't know who's already there."↵-Kaya
Talisman of Indulgence①"Embrace your hunger, your lust, your desire. The universe is ours for the taking!"↵-Sanctifer LeVay, Cult of the Sacred Union
Talisman of Progress①"Any Cadian who can't field-strip their own lasgun by age ten was born on the wrong planet."↵-Anonymous
Talisman of Resilience①"The continual rise of the downtrodden is as inevitable as vines usurping a forest."↵-Vraska
Tall as a Beanstalk①He realized a bit late that he was supposed to *plant* the magic beans.
Tallowisp①Isolated on its little candlewick, the kami never heard of the crime that drove its comrades to war.
Talon Sliver①"Keep them at sword's length!" Gerrard's order fell flat as each sliver's talon suddenly grew longer. "Hold on-break out the polearms!"
Talon Trooper①"The volcanic winds make a maze of the skies of Jund. If we mean to invade, we must first learn their invisible paths."
Talonrend①Change is a denizen of Shadowmoor as much as ouphes and noggles are.
Talrand's Invocation①After Talrand conquered the depths of Shandalar, his ambitions drove him skyward, joined by servants whose drive and curiosity equaled his own.
Talrand, Sky Summoner①"The seas are vast, but the skies are even more so. Why be content with one kingdom when I can rule them both?"
Talruum Champion①In the Talruum language, there is no word for "surprised."
Talruum Minotaur①Don't insult a Talruum unless your mount is swift.↵-Suq'Ata saying
Talruum Piper①When the Talruum began to play, the dragons fell from the sky to squash the obnoxious noise.
Talus Paladin①"Why fill pockets with gold when you can fill hearts with conviction?"
Tamanoa①When Freyalise spoke the World Spell, the tamanoa rose to bring a new morning to Terisiare.
Tamiyo's Epiphany①Tamiyo wished only to observe the war, but she soon realized neutrality was not an option.
Tamiyo's Journal①Entry 434: There's more to Avacyn's madness . . .
Tamiyo's Journal①Entry 546: There's more to Avacyn's madness . . .
Tamiyo's Journal①Entry 653: There's more to Avacyn's madness . . .
Tamiyo's Journal①Entry 711: There's more to Avacyn's madness . . .
Tamiyo's Journal①Entry 855: There's more to Avacyn's madness . . .
Tamiyo's Journal①Entry 922: There's more to Avacyn's madness . . .
Tamiyo's Safekeeping①To keep the Reality Chip out of Jin-Gitaxias's hands, the Wanderer entrusted it to Tamiyo.
Tandem Tactics①In times of infestation and war, Zendikar favors the blades that strike in unison.
Tangle Angler①A plague on the curious.
Tangle Asp①"I have no fangs, yet I constantly bite. I have no scales, yet I slither through you. What am I?"↵-Riddle of the viper's venom
Tangle Golem①The longer it weaves through the twisted vines of the Tangle, the more it adopts their hidden strength.
Tangle Hulk①"A true Phyrexian predator. It will never know death, just as nature intended."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Tangle Mantis①The fiercest hunters in the Tangle don't seek out the mantises. They *are* the mantises.
Tangle Spider①Only rumors have ever escaped its web.
Tangle Spider①They're considered good luck by the elves they don't eat.
Tanglebloom①Druids converted swaths of the Tangle into tanglebloom orchards. Though heavy tools are needed to cut a leaf in the Tangle, tanglebloom fruit is easily plucked by hand.
Tanglebloom①The bloom contains no seeds. It's meant only to nourish the forest's inhabitants.
Tangleclaw Werewolf①"What has long, flesh-rending claws and enormous, bone-crushing teeth?"↵-Halana, Kessig ranger
Tangled Florahedron①"As Bala Ged regrows, new forms of life blossom with unfettered wonder."↵-Doral, Bala Ged guide
Tangled Islet①Many of Terisiare's islands are merely extensions of the root system of the Yavimaya magnigoth forests.
Tangled Vale①"We would do well to open our eyes and remember what it is to wonder."↵-Doral, Bala Ged guide
Tanglepool Bridge①The path to change is forged in insight.
Tangleroot①As if there's glitch in the system, the Tangle sometimes folds in on itself, throwing off sparks of mana in a mystifying display.
Tanglesap①"The blood of the forest is beholden to no one."↵-Nissa Revane
Tangletrap①"It's like that old saying: what goes up . . . feeds the arboretum."↵-Lisette, Witherbloom dean
Tanglewalker①In bringing life to Mirrodin, Memnarch was more successful than he knew-for Mirrodin began to take on a life of its own.
Tangle①Gaea battles rampant death with abundant life.
Taniwha①"Taniwha rolls in its sleep, and the land is awash with the waves."↵-Poetics of Hanan
Taoist Hermit①Taoists chose to be hermits for many reasons, but all shared one unchanging goal: to follow the Tao.
Taoist Mystic①By appearing in places miles apart at the same time, Zuo Ci exhibited the mystic's ability to "shrink the land."
Tapestry of the Ages①"Abzan, Jeskai, Sultai, Mardu, Temur-names lost to history, yet worthy of further study."↵-Narset
Tar Pit Warrior①"The cyclops shrugged off savage blows, but casual insults made him weep."↵-Azeworai, "The Cyclops who Couldn't"
Tar Pitcher①"Auntie Grub had caught a goat, a bleating doe that still squirmed in her arms. At the same time, her warren decided to share with her a sensory greeting of hot tar . . . ."↵-A tale of Auntie Grub
Tar Snare①The amorphous, magically animated residue known as the Fathom Sludge lurks in the Hagra Cistern, attacking its prey with pseudopods and dragging it down to be digested.
Taranika, Akroan Veteran①"I like to think Kytheon keeps watch over all of us."
Tarfire①"After Auntie brushed the soot from her eyes, she discovered something wonderful: the fire had turned the goat into something that smelled delicious."↵-A tale of Auntie Grub
Target Minotaur①"Not again!"
Tariel, Reckoner of Souls①"After death you face paradise, damnation, or Tariel."↵-Priest's teaching
Tarmogoyf①What doesn't grow, dies. And what dies grows the tarmogoyf.
Tarox Bladewing①Despising his siblings as insults to his line, he finds and devours each in turn.
Tarpan①"A good Tarpan will serve you, faithful and true. A bad one will kick you in the head."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Tarpan①"A good tarpan will serve you, faithful and true. A bad one will kick you in the head."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Tasha's Hideous Laughter①The raging behir reared back, opened its terrible maw . . . and collapsed in a fit of horrifying giggles.
Tasigur's Cruelty①The cruelest tortures leave no mark upon the flesh.
Task Force①They are the reflection of Rushwood's glow on the edge of a wooden sword.
Tasseled Dromedary①There is no dress code for the Inventors' Fair, but you'll be hard-pressed to find anyone or anything not done up in their finest.
Taste for Mayhem①The taste of blood breaks down what little self-control the Rakdos possess.
Taste of Blood①"How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads, to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams."↵-Bram Stoker, *Dracula*
Taste of Death①"Hone the knife and mourn the least. Three chimes to sound the sweet, grim feast."↵-Barrow witch incantation
Taste of Paradise①"Any who drink of Freyalise's bounty drink the mead of rebirth."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Taste of Paradise①"There is, in each of us, the potential to heal and the gift of renewed life."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Tattered Apparition①"Ah yes, I remember that one. I turned him inside out and cast his soul into an endless nightmare a few centuries ago."↵-Braids
Tattered Drake①"Drakes embody the worst of Ravnica: great potential, twisted by selfishness and greed."↵-Razia
Tattered Haunter①When the Nebelgast recedes, there are often stragglers.
Tattered Mummy①The dead who wander beyond the safety of the city crave only to spread their curse.
Tattered Mummy①The dead who wander beyond the safety of the city of Naktamun crave only to spread their curse.
Tatterkite①"I rigged it together from wicker and scrap, yet somehow I find it unalterably perfect."↵-Braenna, cobblesmith
Tattermunge Maniac①It shows up at one meal wearing the carcass of the last.
Tattermunge Witch①The Tattermunge gang has no words for the spell that whips their instinctual rage into a frenzy. They only know they like it.
Tatyova, Benthic Druid①"Yavimaya is one being-one vastness of rippling leaves, one deepness of roots, and one chatter of animals-of which I am one part."
Taunting Arbormage①"Eyes on me!"
Taunting Challenge①Incensed by their opponents' unrelenting taunts, even wise generals were known to rashly lead their troops into battle-often to disastrous defeats.
Taunting Elf①Much to Multani's chagrin, Rofellos gleefully tutored Yavimaya's elves on the rudest and most vulgar words spoken in Llanowar.
Taunting Elf①The safety of the village depends on the beast thinking with its stomach.
Taunting Kobold①Pozo's heart was full of courage, right up until it was full of elven steel.
Taurean Mauler①The power of a waterfall. The fury of an avalanche. The intellect of a gale-force wind.
Tavern Brawler①The only thing you love more than a good drink is a good fight. Luckily, one usually follows the other.
Tavern Ruffian①She dispatched every challenger with a sickening snap of bone.
Tavern Scoundrel①"No refunds. I cheated you fair and square."
Tavern Smasher①With every arm in sight broken, she turned her attention to the furniture.
Tavern Swindler①"Only a chump stops after one unlucky loss. You're not a chump, are you?"
Tavern Swindler①Rakdos cultists are her best customers. They never flinch at pain and are seldom good at math.
Tawnos's Weaponry①When Urza's war machines became too costly, Tawnos's weaponry replaced them.
Tawnos's Weaponry①When war machines became too costly, Tawnos's Weaponry replaced them.
Tawnos's Weaponry①When war machines became too costly, Tawnos's weaponry replaced them.
Tawnos, Urza's Apprentice①"My master believes anything is achievable."
Tawnos①Tawnos brings a childlike wonder and an inherent skill to Urza's studio and bridges the wizardry of the workshop with the grandeur of the royal court. His speed and flexibility quickly earned him promotion from apprentice to master artificer.
Tazeem Raptor①"It's good to see the eagles circling the Lighthouse once again."↵-Tazri
Tazeem Roilmage①"The Roil can be directed. Observe."
Teach by Example①"Learning to imitate a master is the first step in becoming one."↵-Uvilda, Prismari dean
Teacher's Pet①"First attempt: unsuccessful. Instead of an amphibious chicken, hybridization produced an aquaphobic fish."
Teachings of the Archaics①Mages seek out the ancient beings known as the Archaics for their boundless knowledge of history and magic, dispensed only in cryptic metaphors.
Team Pennant①Choosing a college based on Mage Tower results is discouraged, but not unheard of.
Team Spirit①Due to some late-night partying, the chicken missed the group photo.
Tear Asunder①No one knew why the spiritmongers were so enraged by Phyrexian technology, but it was a stroke of good luck for the Coalition.
Teardrop Kami①"Do not fall into the trap of thinking you understand the kami. Cannot a drop of water be dew on the meadow, a glacier's thaw, or the tear of a child?"↵-Sensei Hisoka
Tears of Valakut①When Kozilek destroyed Sea Gate, distant Valakut could not contain its grief.
Technomancer①"Witchcraft or technology, it is blasphemous, and it must be stopped."↵-Inquisitor Greyfax
Tectonic Break①Only the foolish and the rich build their houses where the land is thin and the ocean is near.
Tectonic Edge①"We move because the earth does."↵-Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Tectonic Fiend①The barbarians of Pardia are long dead, but its mountains still smolder with rage.
Tectonic Hellion①Hellions measure their meals in mountains.
Tectonic Instability①"Think of the problems we'll face if you uproot entire continents," said Urza.↵"I have," replied Teferi, "but the alternative is worse."
Tectonic Reformation①Alone in the charred desolation of her kingdom, she regretted many things-most of all not acting sooner.
Tectonic Rift①"You will kneel before me, even if I have to split the earth under your feet!"↵-Ash Kronor, Keldon warlord
Teeterpeak Ambusher①Goblins from the Makindi Trenches of Ondu make surprisingly skilled climbing guides due to their habit of scaling the cliffs to drop onto unsuspecting foes.
Teferi's Ageless Insight①"Fine, you know more than me. But do you have to be such a show-off about it?"↵-Chandra Nalaar, to Teferi
Teferi's Care①"If I do nothing else, I will protect my people."↵-Teferi
Teferi's Curse①"Stepping through time is like riding a camel. It may get you where you want to go, but the ride is rarely pleasant."↵-Teferi
Teferi's Drake①"We threw dried fruit to the drakes that rode the air, streaming along the *Weatherlight'*s side as we sailed amidst the clouds."↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Teferi's Honor Guard①"They may seem ceremonial, but their swords are still sharp."↵-Kipkemboi, Kukemssa pirate
Teferi's Imp①Made you look.
Teferi's Isle①The three wizards knew only that this isle held a great mystery-and that patience alone would solve it.
Teferi's Moat①"Isolation is not the answer."↵-Urza, to Teferi
Teferi's Protection①"I've walked a hundred worlds, but you are my universe."
Teferi's Protection①"Someday, when the world is safe again, my homeland will return."↵-Teferi
Teferi's Protege①Teferi's legacy lives on in Tolaria through the study of time magic and a tradition of irrepressible mischief.
Teferi's Realm①"Fire is dead. Water has killed him."↵-From *The Stories of Nature*
Teferi's Sentinel①"Long ago, I enchanted an army of statues to guard Zhalfir. My homeland is gone, but its protectors remain."↵-Teferi
Teferi's Time Twist①"The safest place for you is not now."
Teferi's Tutelage①"Tarassel's sixth law of temporal recursion is easy to understand as long as you know the first seven."
Teferi's Veil①"I don't like to speak ill of 'walkers . . . but just what did Teferi think he was doing?"↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir①To save this plane, he must forsake all others.
Tel-Jilad Archers①They are extensions of the Tangle, stretching its vines into the furthest reaches of the sky.
Tel-Jilad Chosen①"It is my honor to keep safe Tel-Jilad's secrets, not to know them."
Tel-Jilad Defiance①The Viridian elves had purged their culture of the trolls' traitorous influence. In times of strife, however, the ancestral memories returned.
Tel-Jilad Exile①For his crimes, he was made to forget all the trolls' secrets. Now he knows only that he is outcast, but not why.
Tel-Jilad Fallen①"No longer am I shackled to antiquity. My new masters will etch a glorious future."
Tel-Jilad Lifebreather①"The Tangle loans you life. Spend it well."
Tel-Jilad Outrider①"When the levelers come again, we shall be ready for them."
Tel-Jilad Stylus①Etched on Tel-Jilad's trunk is an entire history of Mirrodin-except for an expanse near the ground scrubbed smooth by an unknown hand.
Tel-Jilad Wolf①Thanks to the wolves, Tel-Jilad is the one area of Mirrodin the myr don't see often.
Telekinetic Bonds①"Nature's been fired. The oceans are under new management."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Telekinetic Sliver①"Slivers are guided only by simple instinct. Advance the hive, and you will be welcomed. Impede the hive, and you will face unrelenting opposition."↵-Freyalise
Telepathic Spies①"Do try to keep an open mind, would you?"
Telepathic Spies①Most spies sneak into enemy camps. These spies sneak into enemy minds.
Telepathy①"Secrets? What secrets?"
Telepathy①"The most disappointing thing about learning telepathy is finding out how boring people really are."↵-Teferi, fourth-level student
Telepathy①"The question isn't whether I can read minds. It's whether I have yet to find a mind worth reading."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Teleportation Circle①"Hold on to your lunch!"↵-Bartleby, gnome wizard
Telethopter①After losing several of the devices to midair collisions, Greven forbade moggs from operating telethopters.
Telim'Tor's Darts①"People laughed at my darts-once."↵-Telim'Tor
Telim'Tor's Edict①"Execution awaits the dissenter."↵-Kasib ibn Naji, *Letters*
Telim'Tor①"The curious merely amass knowledge. The ambitious use it."↵-Telim'Tor
Teller of Tales①Words never uttered by mortals flowed incessantly from its many mouths.
Telling Time①Mastery is achieved when "telling time" becomes "telling time what to do."
Temp of the Damned①"Not the graveyard shift again!"
Tempered Sliver①The question isn't whether slivers will adapt to a world's perils but whether the world's perils will adapt to slivers.
Tempered Steel①"Death shall prevail as long as our will falls to rust. May necessity anneal our resolve."↵-Ghalma the Shaper
Tempered Veteran①"I've been carrying a sword since before you were born. I wouldn't give up my oath for all the peace and comfort in the world."
Tempered in Solitude①Many master samurai make pilgrimages deep into the Sokenzan Mountains, where they train and meditate in silence, hoping to commune with a lava kami.
Temper①"I don't need a plan, just a goal. The rest will follow on its own."↵-Gerrard
Tempest Caller①"I *am* the storm."
Tempest Djinn①The first to arrive on Dominaria from their distant home, the marids are the oldest tribe of djinn and the most respected by storm and sea.
Tempest Drake①"Its speed will be equaled only by the swiftness of my enemy's fall."↵-Kaervek
Tempest of Light①"Let everything return to its true nature, so that destiny may take its course."
Tempest of Light①"Let everything return to its true nature, so that destiny may takes its course."
Tempest of Light①"This world reeks of another's hand. Someone or something is defying the power of the gods and shaping this planet. I intend for it to stop."↵-Glissa Sunseeker
Temple Acolyte①Young, yes. Inexperienced, yes. Weak? Don't count on it.
Temple Altisaur①"Kinjalli sculpted humans from clay, but the dinosaurs were carved from unyielding stone."↵-Itzama the Crested
Temple Bell①Enlightenment is not gained by striking the bell or hearing its toll. It's found in the silence that follows.
Temple Elder①"Give us breath. Give us life. Prepare us for the day we make."↵-The Alaborn "Rite of Battle"
Temple Garden①"Where the roots reach, there the temple rises."↵-Niszka, Selesnya evangel
Temple Garden①In the gardens of the Conclave, order and beauty are the roots of power.
Temple Garden①Karametra's worshippers know that one must plant countless seeds to ensure a bountiful harvest.
Temple Thief①"I don't know if the gods watch over their temples, but I figure it's best to be stealthy just in case."
Temple of Abandon①Places of worship become frenzies of violence as the psychic call of the Hive Mind stirs Genestealer Cults to action.
Temple of Aclazotz①. . . to the lost temple of a bat-god of night, eternal enemy to the Threefold Sun.
Temple of Aclazotz①… to the lost temple of a bat-god of night, eternal enemy to the Threefold Sun.
Temple of Epiphany①"Hail the Children of the Stars!"↵-Magus Lucea Kane
Temple of Mystery①Genestealer Cults bide their time on Imperial worlds, spreading tendrils of corruption through the native population.
Temple of the False God①"When gods become apathetic, the people will worship anyone who answers their pleas."↵-Kiora
Temple of the False God①Chaos renegades always seek to deface and destroy effigies of Imperial piety, replacing them with blasphemous symbols of the Ruinous Powers.
Temple of the False God①Those who bring nothing to the temple take nothing away.
Temporal Adept①"If yesterday was two days ago tomorrow, will the day after tomorrow be today or yesterday?"↵-Temporal Manipulation 101 final exam, Tolarian Academy
Temporal Adept①"Of course she's at the head of her class. All her classmates have disappeared."↵-Gatha, Tolarian renegade
Temporal Adept①"Of course she's at the head of her class. All of her classmates have disappeared."↵-Tolarian renegade
Temporal Eddy①As the temporal fractures spread and time itself slowly fell apart, visitors started to appear from across the past and future, and those native to the present began to disappear.
Temporal Extortion①"The scythe of time or my blade at your throat-the choice is yours."↵-Holux, stronghold racketeer
Temporal Machinations①The Cabal soldier blinked and found day had become night, he had a face full of thistle seeds, and the old man was nowhere to be seen.
Temporal Manipulation①Doing something at the last minute isn't so bad when you can make that minute last.
Temporal Mastery①Time is a marvelous plaything.
Temporal Spring①One splash of the spring's water knocks you clear into last week.
Temporal Trespass①Few truly live in the moment.
Temporary Lockdown①"Any one of us could be compromised," said Karn. "No one leaves until we know who can be trusted."
Tempted by the Oriq①To exact his vengeance, Extus needed followers. His infiltrators recruited promising mage-students from the very halls he sought to destroy.
Tempting Contract①"Don't think of it as debt. Think of it as an investment in yourself."↵-Diriga, demon bursar
Tempting Witch①"Murder clad in crimson beauty,↵An end to life and love and duty."↵-Barrow witch incantation
Temur Banner①Savagery to survive, courage to triumph.
Temur Sabertooth①"Kind of a glorified house cat, don't you think? Cool tattoos, though."↵-Crocodile Jackson, legendary cowboy
Temur Sabertooth①The Temur see themselves as a pack, their bonds more primal than the Abzan's.
Tenacious Dead①Raising the bones of Hekjek the Mad proved far easier than getting them to lie back down.
Tenacious Hunter①The crocodiles of the Broken Lands, long used to feeding on undead flesh, eagerly flooded into Naktamun for a taste of something fresher.
Tenacity①Thalia established the Order of Saint Traft in an effort to bring together cathars who would stand against the corruption of the Lunarch Council.
Tend the Pests①"I've got a special treat for you today."
Tendrils of Corruption①"Even swamps need sustenance. We will give it to them, and in turn, they will sustain us."↵-Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Tendrils of Corruption①Darkness doesn't always send its minions to do its dirty work.
Tendrils of Despair①"Because I am incapable of tears does not mean I have no need to shed them."↵-Karn, silver golem
Tenement Crasher①Nothing was going to stop it-not the narrow alleys, not the Boros garrison, and certainly not the four-story Orzhov cathedral.
Tentative Connection①Lukka was ordered to kill a threat. He chose to make a friend.
Tenth District Guard①"The Tenth has always been my home. This city is constantly embroiled in one crisis or another, but I'm determined to protect my piece."
Tenth District Legionnaire①"The Tenth is under heavy attack, but it's being handled. I sent Mileva."↵-Tajic
Tenth District Veteran①"I keep reminding myself we do this because others can't, because we love this city. If we don't save it, no one will."
Tenured Inkcaster①"Ah, another future archmage for my collection."
Terashi's Cry①"The sun kami is terrible to behold. When its temper flares, best seek shade and pray for forgiveness."↵-Sensei Golden-Tail
Terashi's Grasp①"The jeweler, the potter, the smith . . . They all imbue a bit of their souls into their creations. The kami destroy that crafted mortal shell and absorb the soul within."↵-Noboru, master kitemaker
Terashi's Verdict①It was as though the sky opened its eyes and found what it saw displeasing.
Teremko Griffin①"When we're aloft, I love to lean over the *Weatherlight*'s railing and watch the patterns the griffins' shadows make on the clouds below."↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Tergrid's Lantern①When Tergrid was a child, her shadow tried to kill her. Only her lantern keeps it at bay.
Tergrid's Shadow①Tergrid, god of fright, never acknowledges her own shadow . . . or its murderous deeds.
Tergrid, God of Fright①Fear is her one true companion.
Terminal Agony①His mouth melted to slag, yet somehow he kept screaming.
Terminate①". . . some sort of giant lizard-bat thing. Yeah, we shot it. No, nothing to clean up."↵-Archelle, chief exterminator
Terminate①"I've seen death before. My mother succumbing to illness, my comrades bleeding on the battlefield . . . But I'd never seen anything as dreadful as that."↵-Taani, berserker of Etlan
Terminate①All suns must set.
Terminate①Like his mother before him, Darigaaz gave his life defending Dominaria from the tyranny of self-styled "gods."
Teroh's Faithful①The light of reason follows them even into battle.
Terra Eternal①"If this world could make a wish, it would be to survive the parasites who loot its treasures and threaten its life force."↵-Saidah, Joraga hunter
Terra Ravager①It lives in the mountaintops, feeds at the mountains' feet, and kills anything it finds on the path between.
Terra Stomper①Its footfalls cause violent earthquakes, hurtling boulders, and unseasonable dust storms.
Terra Stomper①Sometimes violent earthquakes, hurtling boulders, and unseasonable dust storms are wrongly attributed to the Roil.
Terraformer①"This feels a little more like home."
Terrain Elemental①"You tread upon the land all the time, yet you seem dismayed when it moves to step on you."↵-Nissa Revane
Terramorphic Expanse①"The land has its own intentions, beyond the understanding of those who live on it."↵-Nissa Revane
Terramorphic Expanse①Take two steps north into the unsettled future, south into the unquiet past, east into the present day, or west into the great unknown.
Terramorphic Expanse①The Cicatrix Maledictum split the galaxy asunder. The raw stuff of Chaos flooded into realspace, transforming whole planets in moments.
Terrifying Presence①Elmut had slaughtered vampires, slain werewolves, and destroyed hordes of zombies. Sadly, he never got over his fear of spiders.
Territorial Allosaurus①A living remnant of the Ice Age.
Territorial Baloth①It knows nothing of Eldrazi or Planeswalkers, just that there are new intruders in its territory.
Territorial Baloth①Its territory is defined by wherever it is at the moment.
Territorial Boar①"The presence of the strong will make you stronger."↵-Yeva, Nature's Herald
Territorial Dispute①Bit by bit, Mercadia City had forced the Cho-Arrim from their ancestral lands. They would be pushed no further.
Territorial Gorger①Inventors have been known to capture gremlins with the intent to release them in a rival's workshop. More often than not, that plan backfires.
Territorial Hammerskull①From the eyes up, it's solid bone and stubbornness.
Territorial Maro①The Coalition was more than just treaties and alliances: it was the soul of a world rising up against the invading tide.
Territorial Roc①"Such lesser creatures must be purged from the sky. What use do they have but to help channel the lightning of our mighty dragonlord?"↵-Gvar Barzeel, Kolaghan warrior
Territorial Scythecat①Standing between a scythecat and its prey makes you the appetizer.
Terror of Mount Velus①The forge of Purphoros burns in the heart of Mount Velus, attracting dragons with its blistering heat.
Terror of the Fairgrounds①"Consider this a high alert, people. Permission to destroy on sight. Either we take it down or it'll take down the Fair."↵-Pav, gremlin watch
Terror①"A simple trap in a dark corner of the mind, and their nightmares catch up with them."↵-Geth, keeper of the Vault
Terrus Wurm①"We follow it through its tunnels, and where it dies, we farm."↵-Mihas, spore druid
Teshar, Ancestor's Apostle①"The Ancestor saved us for a purpose."
Test of Endurance①"If we have learned nothing else, we have learned to survive."↵-Mystic elder
Test of Faith①Those who survive the test bear a mark of power anyone can recognize.
Testament of Faith①"Belief in the Ancestor is admirable, but our enemies often demand something more . . . tangible."↵-Pianna, nomad captain
Tethered Griffin①Poorly trained griffins sometimes attack the noble audiences that gather to watch their progress.
Tethered Skirge①It bites the hand that leads it.
Tethmos High Priest①"Death is tyranny. Like all tyranny, it must be opposed."
Tetsuko Umezawa, Fugitive①"My ancestor Toshiro used to say, 'Life is a series of choices between bad and worse.' I'm a master of making great bad choices."
Teyo's Lightshield①Teyo gifted his shields to as many allies as possible, knowing he could not always be there to protect them himself.
Teysa Karlov①While Kaya is guildmaster, Teysa waits patiently at the center of the Orzhov web of power.
Teysa, Orzhov Scion①"Spend your life betraying me if you wish. I'll simply take it up with your ghost."
Tezzeret's Ambition①"To achieve what none have achieved before, one must dare what none have dared before."
Tezzeret's Betrayal①"You can't hope to comprehend the plans that are in motion."↵-Tezzeret
Tezzeret's Simulacrum①Tezzeret's command of living metal has nothing to do with intricate gearcraft or aether supplies.
Tezzeret's Strider①"More obedient than any dog."↵-Tezzeret
Thalakos Drifters①They drift in and out of shadow and ever on toward madness.
Thalakos Mistfolk①"They are 'between' in every way."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Thalakos Seer①"You see our world when you shut your eyes so tightly that tiny shapes float before them."↵-Lyna, to Ertai
Thalakos Sentry①"Ill luck and poor geography caught the Thalakos between us and the Dauthi."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Thalia's Lancers①"Let the points of our lances lead the way."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"I am the Guardian of Thraben, and I claim my right to speak before the council."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"I serve the soft light of the moon that holds back the terrors of the night. I serve the bonds between us, driving out the fear that would break us apart."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"I would rather be a heretic than betray my conscience."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"I've sworn to protect the people from the horrors that would destroy them-even if those horrors are the angels themselves."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"Our dear Madam Mina is once more our teacher. Her eyes have been where we were blinded. Now we are on the track once again, and this time we may succeed."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"Thraben belongs to the living. I will not rest until it is cleansed."
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben①"Thraben is our home and I will not see it fall to this unhallowed horde."
Thalia, Heretic Cathar①"Salvation will not be granted by the Lunarch Council. It must be earned-at the edge of a sword, if necessary."
Thalisse, Reverent Medium①She hears every voice from the swirling, whispering mist and swears to tell their stories.
Thallid Omnivore①Thelon of Havenwood created thallids as a food source in times of darkness. Thallids did the same with saprolings.
Thallid Soothsayer①Some of the thallids that escaped into the fens of Urborg began emulating the Cabal's bloodsoaked rituals in their own peculiar way.
Thantis, the Warweaver①She spins a web few can resist. Its sweet aroma sparks chaos in every heart.
Thassa's Bounty①"Was this gift cast adrift for any to find, or did Thassa guide the currents to bring it to me alone?"↵-Kenessos, priest of Thassa
Thassa's Devourer①When mortals claim there are places Thassa cannot reach, the sea god laughs.
Thassa's Intervention①"I bring a flood that nothing can withstand."
Thassa's Ire①The sailor had never seen a god before. Now she had gazed upon Thassa. Shortly she would see Athreos, and then she would meet Erebos.
Thassa's Rebuff①To resist Thassa is to deny the rising tide.
That Which Was Taken①"This god held prisoner in human hands has put all humanity in the hands of angry gods."↵-Masako the Humorless
Thatcher Revolt①The dark times left the peasantry ready to fight with whatever weapons were at hand.
Thaumatic Compass①"Clearly, it indicates the aetheric azimuth of . . ."↵-Jace Beleren
Thaumatic Compass①"Clearly, it indicates the aetheric azimuth of …"↵-Jace Beleren
Thaumaturge's Familiar①Meletian mages can't claim the title of thaumaturge until they have received a gift or omen from the gods. Ephara likes to give tangible tokens of her favor.
The Abyss①"An immense river of oblivion is sweeping us away into a nameless abyss." -Ernest Renan, *Souvenirs d'Enfance et de Jeunesse*
The Abyss①"An immense river of oblivion is sweeping us away into a nameless abyss."↵-Ernest Renan, *Souvenirs d'Enfance et de Jeunesse*
The Abyss①"An immense river of oblivion is sweeping us away into a nameless abyss."↵-Ernest Renan, Souvenirs d'Enfance et de Jeunesse
The Big Top①The glow of the big top can be seen for light years, but its excitement can be felt in the hearts of everyone who's ever been there.
The Brute①"Union may be strength, but it is mere blind brute strength unless wisely directed." -Samuel Butler
The Brute①"Union may be strength, but it is mere blind brute strength unless wisely directed."↵-Samuel Butler
The Brute①After years of being bullied, Fergo reaped the benefits of his newfound strength: he never met a man he didn't want to fight.
The Cheese Stands Alone①The meat, on the other hand, has frequent visitors.
The Council of Four①Ambition has a price in Baldur's Gate, and it is paid to the Council.
The Dead Shall Serve①"Tell your old master I said hello."
The Elderspell①The path to power is often paved with atrocities.
The Ever-Changing 'Dane①He could be anyone, anywhere, but he'll never again be "half" of anything.
The Fallen①Magic often masters those who cannot master it.
The Haunt of Hightower①It drains vitality from those it touches.
The Hive①"Their buzzing makes my bones hum from a mile away."↵-Galenti, treasure hunter
The Hive①Mouths and wings beyond numbering, but a single mind to guide them.
The Iron Guardian Stirs①"It would be disappointing if you were unable to overcome this simplest of defenses. Hilarious, but disappointing."
The Lady of the Mountain①Her given name has been lost in the mists of time. Legend says that her silent vigil will one day be ended by the one who, pure of heart and spirit, calls out that name again.
The Lost and the Damned①The gods of Chaos bestow gifts of mutations upon their champions. Too many of these gifts transform their bearer its mindless, writhing chaos spawn.
The Mighty Will Fall①"Cry out for your comrades so that they may join you in misery."
The Ozolith①As it twists, so does all life around it.
The Peregrine Dynamo①Jhoira stumbled upon an ally, not just a good source of spare parts.
The Pieces Are Coming Together①"Cretins build machines. I construct destiny."
The Prismatic Bridge①Starnheim awaits.
The Prismatic Piper①It is everything and nothing.
The Rack①Invented in Mishra's earlier days, the Rack was once his most feared creation.
The Rack①Invented in Mishra's earlier days, the rack was once his most feared creation.
The Ringhart Crest①Kolvori's love for her family knows no bounds.
The Space Family Goblinson①The goblin word for "vacation" translates roughly to "a battered landscape of noise and violence."
The Tarrasque①When it rises, nations fall.
The Ultimate Nightmare of Wizards of the Coastr Customer Service①The number printed on the card is no longer in service. For help, go to wizards.custhelp.com or find us on Twitter @Wizards_Help.
The Unspeakable①It is madness that drives men to seek forbidden knowledge, and madness has given it form.
The Unspeakable①The rumors are horrifying; the truth is worse.
The Wretched①Once I had the strength but no wisdom; now I have the wisdom but no strength.↵-Persian proverb
Theft of Dreams①"First they fight, then they sleep, then they dream. And finally I receive my reward."
Theft of Dreams①"Volrath stole everything there was of me."↵-Takara
Theft of Dreams①Energy is never lost, only transformed.
Their Name Is Death①"When the Silent King saw what had been done, he knew at last the true nature of the C'tan, and the doom they had wrought in his name."↵-*The Book of Mournful Night*
Thelon of Havenwood①"The sight of my thallids still thriving is a bittersweet welcome to this cold waste."
Thelonite Druid①"The magic at the heart of all living things can bear awe-inspiring fruit."↵-Kolevi of Havenwood, Elder Druid
Thelonite Druid①"The magic at the heart of all living things can bear awe-inspiring fruit."↵-Kolevi of Havenwood, elder druid
Thelonite Monk①"As the climate worsened, some Thelonites turned to fertilizing with fresh blood in an attempt to keep Havenwood alive and growing."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Theoretical Duplication①"You made it asymmetrical just to annoy me, didn't you?"↵-Imbraham, Quandrix dean
There Is No Refuge①"The dunes smell spilled blood."
Thermal Glider①"The Mercadians are too busy looking down on us to see us coming."↵-Cho-Arrim rebel
Thermal Navigator①It takes off with a roar of superheated wind, startling wild pterons as they survey the ground below.
Thermo-Alchemist①"Madness can't touch a mind ignited by genius."
Thermokarst①"Finally we understand the lesson of our home: loss begets renewal."↵-Kolbjorn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Thermokarst①"Finally we understand the lesson of our home: loss begets renewal."↵-Kolbjorn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Thermopod①Slicking the ice with its heated underside, the thermopod skates at great speed to overtake its prey.
Thespian's Stage①Amid rumors of war, the third act of *The Absolution of the Guildpact* was quickly rewritten as a tragedy.
Thick-Skinned Goblin①The shaman of the tribe is responsible for keeping track of all its treasures, including angry pets and cursed lamps of fiery doom.
Thicket Basilisk①Moss-covered statues littered the area, a macabre monument to the Basilisk's power.
Thicket Basilisk①Moss-covered statues littered the area, a macabre monument to the basilisk's power.
Thicket Basilisk①Moss-covered statues littered the area, a macabre monument to the basilisk's terrible power.
Thicket Crasher①"Tread too hard in the forest and it will tread on you in return."↵-Vivien Reid
Thief of Blood①Her hunger will not be denied.
Thieving Magpie①Other birds collect twigs for their nests. Magpies collect jewels for theirs.
Thieving Magpie①Other birds collect twigs for their nests. Magpies steal jewels for theirs.
Thieving Magpie①Rayne once made several unkind comparisons between the bird's naked opportunism and Urza's.
Thieving Otter①"You're telling me we spent a year securing the sanctuary against pterosaurs, rambeasts, and nightfangs . . . and we were robbed by what?"↵-Endris, Drannith magistrate
Thing from the Deep①Seafarers fear sailing off the world's edge not so much as down its gullet.
Think Tank①Cephalids seek knowledge not to better themselves, but to best others.
Think Twice①"Either I know just the spell I need, or I'm about to."
Think Twice①"Great books are meant to be read, then read again backwards or upside down!"↵-Ettovard, Tolarian archivist
Thirst for Discovery①"This is your only warning, alchemist. The secrets of the sea are not yours to behold. Lord Krothuss will not be so merciful next time."↵-Runo Stromkirk
Thirst for Discovery①I knew he had left the castle now, and thought to use the opportunity to explore more than I had dared to do as yet.
Thirst for Knowledge①"Knowledge is the universal currency of the Multiverse. It is power. It is freedom. It is possibility itself."
Thirst for Knowledge①"To truly know something, you must become it. The trick is to not lose yourself in the process."
Thirst for Knowledge①Lymph, the fluid essence of blinkmoths, is prized by wizards for the rush of intellect it provides.
Thirst for Knowledge①Raissa transformed herself into a vessel for the Watchword Codex, allowing the arcane lore to flow through her body.
Thirst for Meaning①A sip of recollection, an ocean of regrets.
Thirsting Axe①Sometimes the weapon wields the bearer.
Thirsting Bloodlord①"A whole life, full of memories and experience, love and sorrow, drained drop by drop into this bottle. Could any feast be more glorious?"
Thirsting Shade①"Your life is a blinding light, your breath a gale, your pulse a deafening drum. Be still. Be still."↵-Dahlya Trul, "Irbitov Lament"
Thirst①The first of the Thousand Deaths.
This World Belongs to Me①"Little insects, I have created entire worlds and extinguished twice as many."
Thistledown Liege①The thoughtweft is his informant, and he its devoted guardian.
Thopter Arrest①The Consulate's eyes-unblinking, unsleeping-are everywhere.
Thopter Foundry①"Etherium is limited. Innovation is not."↵-Tezzeret
Thopter Pie Network①They all thought her dream was just pie in the sky.
Thorn Elemental①Rain from this storm leaves you pinned to the ground like an insect.
Thorn Elemental①The first law of Yavimaya is that guests may kill only to survive. As fires aren't needed in the warm weather, cutting trees for wood means death.
Thorn Mammoth①It will come to the defense of all wild things, from the shivering wren to the towering giant.
Thorn Thallid①"I don't know which is worse, getting hit with those darts or having to watch them grow back."↵-Orcish Soldier
Thorn Thallid①"Scholars still debate whether the Thallids were truly sentient."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Thorn Thallid①"The cooling climate forced the Elves to experiment with new food sources."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. I*
Thorn Thallid①"The danger in cultivating massive plants caught the elves by surprise."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Thorn of Amethyst①Mined from a cave in the Dark Meanders, it shines brightest when no one is looking.
Thorn of the Black Rose①If bribery and intimidation fail, Marchesa turns to her favorite form of bureaucracy.
Thornado①Every bough, branch, and bramble lashed out in defense of the forest.
Thornbow Archer①"I will not rest until the stench of eyeblights is eradicated from these woods."
Thorncaster Sliver①Every inch of a sliver's body is a potential claw, appendage, or projectile.
Thorned Moloch①Those who fled the destruction of the city stumbled into the territory of their prickly neighbors.
Thornglint Bridge①The path to growth is forged in balance.
Thornhide Wolves①"Halana grew brambles to create a barricade around our camp, hoping that it would keep the wolves out. That was a mistake for which we almost paid dearly."↵-Alena, trapper of Kessig
Thornscape Familiar①Blessed with many options, Thornscape masters favor scarabs as familiars.
Thorntooth Witch①The crone's boughs creaked as she spoke. "You look peaked, little one. Come, sip from my warm brew. It'll have you blooming in no time."
Thornweald Archer①Their arrows are tipped with basilisk eyes and fletched with cockatrice feathers.
Thornwind Faeries①Guarding the ship is the Thornwinds' first concern. Getting along with the locals ranks fourth or fifth at best.
Thornwood Falls①Mere weeks later, the planet was scoured of any trace of life. Every scrap of vegetation, every drop of water-gone.
Those Who Serve①"The dead perform all the work here-farming, building, teaching, even embalming their fellow mummies. The living need do nothing but train. What system could be more perfect?"↵-Temmet, vizier of Naktamun
Thought Collapse①"I can think of no greater punishment than answering your question in full."↵-Lazav
Thought Courier①"There's an assortment to satisfy all your needs: deep, fleeting, dirty, pure, scientific, philosophical, after, and even fore. For a price."
Thought Courier①It is telling of the vedalkens' culture that they trust human couriers more than their own comrades.
Thought Devourer①Thinking is hard.
Thought Distortion①"The skull is rigid, but the mind is so deliciously supple."↵-Eromena the Mind Render
Thought Eater①The first memory it sucks out of its host is how to get rid of it.
Thought Erasure①"It's truly the highest honor, isn't it? To be remembered? Pity for you."
Thought Harvester①"I never thought I'd miss the gomazoa."↵-Trinda, Hada spy patrol
Thought Monitor①It roams the skies over the Quicksilver Sea, alert for any hint of aberrant thought.
Thought Monitor①Mood: An efficient, well-designed machine.
Thought Nibbler①Balshan wizards have long used them to gnaw away the memories they wish to forget.
Thought Reflection①Knowledge fills the mind of a fool and opens the mind of the sage.
Thought Reflection①Only when two oracles speak in unison is an omen accepted as truth.
Thought Scour①"As you inject the *viscus vitae* into the brain stem, don't let the spastic moaning bother you. It will soon become music to your ears."↵-Stitcher Geralf
Thought Scour①"Sleep and dream, dream and snore,↵While we fae complete our chore."↵-Fae rhyme
Thought Scour①He had glimpsed the truth of the Multiverse. Now if only he could remember it.
Thought Vessel①Before the Great Sleep, the Necrons knew every corner of the galaxy, as only the ultimate conquerors could.
Thought Vessel①Infinite possibilities contained in a finite space.
Thoughtbind①"As the rest of the mortal world waged war, Lady Azami and her students invaded tomes of knowledge. Their search yielded spells critical in the fight."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Thoughtbound Primoc①Efforts to use them as spies failed when they kept reporting to the enemy.
Thoughtcast①Vedalken eyes don't see the beauty in things. They see only what those things can teach.
Thoughtcutter Agent①Agents of the Architects of Will mark their victims as a reminder that their secrets are secret no longer.
Thoughtflare①"If this is thinking, I don't know what I was doing before."
Thoughtleech①"A resourceful mage has many sources of information. The best one is your foe."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Thoughtleech①"Their thoughts flow through my mind, and I am healed."↵-Fyndhorn elder
Thoughtpicker Witch①"Once the brew gets the brains nice and pickled, they're a lot easier to pick through."
Thoughtrender Lamia①Some predators can sense fear in their prey, but the lamia is drawn to madness.
Thoughts of Ruin①"In our war with the kami, we annihilate what is our own. Do they too suffer ruination in their hidden world?"↵-Diary of Azusa
Thoughtseize①"Any dream is a robust harvest. Still, I prefer the timeworn dreams, heavy with import, that haunt the obsessive mind."
Thoughtseize①"Knowledge is such a burden. Release it. Release all your fears to me."↵-Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Thoughtseize①The mind is a fragile thing. Remove the smallest fragment, and the whole thing starts to fall apart.
Thoughtweft Gambit①The kithkin mind-bond is even tighter in Shadowmoor, reinforcing the unity of their community to the point of xenophobia.
Thousand-Year Elixir①Paradoxically, to tilt the massive jug for a sip, you'd need the energy of the giant's tonic.
Thousand-Year Storm①Cloudy with a chance of chaos.
Thousand-Year Storm①Ral's storm crackled with mystical detections: Planeswalkers were infiltrating Ravnica.
Thraben Doomsayer①"Swarms of the unhallowed claw at Thraben's gates! Do you still deny the end approaches?"
Thraben Exorcism①Chandra, Teferi, and Arlinn sought clues to the Moonsilver Key's whereabouts while Kaya dispatched the spirits obstructing their path.
Thraben Foulbloods①The famed hunting hounds of House Cecani continue to prove the quality of their pedigree.
Thraben Gargoyle①Runechanters engrave their strongest wards on those that protect the church.
Thraben Heretic①"Let them decry me for burning the dead. I'm not giving those ghoulcallers any more fuel for their madness."
Thraben Inspector①"If you've been at this as long as I have, nothing can surprise you. That's the hope, at least."
Thraben Militia①"The time for grief is over. The time for retribution has begun."
Thraben Purebloods①"I've learned to trust my dogs' instincts. When they're calm, I'm calm. And when they get nervous, I get my crossbow."↵-Hinrik of House Cecani
Thraben Sentry①"Looks like it's going to be a quiet night."
Thraben Standard Bearer①The uncorrupted rallied under Thalia's leadership and Sigarda's banner.
Thraben Valiant①"Once more into Devil's Breach, soldiers. I want another devil tail for my collection."
Thraben Watcher①"Fear not the angels' constant eyes,↵E'er on watch from lightless skies;↵Eternal vigil we will keep,↵Protectors of the Blessed Sleep."
Thragtusk①"Always carry two spears."↵-Mokgar, Kalonian hunter
Thragtusk①For a crash course in addition, hunt a single thragtusk.
Thrakkus the Butcher①Somehow he never seems to run out of meat.
Thran Dynamo①The power of the Arcane too often finds itself in the hands of those foolish enough to think themselves its master.
Thran Dynamo①Urza's metathran children were conceived, birthed, and nurtured by an integrated system of machines.
Thran Forge①"This will work," Gerrard called to the elves as he used the forge to strengthen the aboroth, "but if it doesn't, we won't survive to care."
Thran Foundry①"What we do not use up, we use again."↵-Urza
Thran Golem①As a beaver's teeth grow unchecked without regular use, so does the golem's armor grow without regular battles.
Thran Golem①Karn felt more secure about his value to Urza when he realized he didn't need regular trimming.
Thran Golem①The golems of the ancient Thran still draw power in ways that baffle the artificers of today.
Thran Lens①"Every device in the rig is evidence of Thran enlightenment. All mana was the same to them, whether from rock or water, growth or decay. Can you imagine such unity of vision?"↵-Urza, journal
Thran Temporal Gateway①The portal opens not to the past, but from it. Those who step through discover an unimaginable future.
Thran Tome①Every line holds a tale, and between lie a thousand more.
Thran Turbine①When Urza asked the viashino what it did, they answered: "It hums."
Thrash of Raptors①They glide through the undergrowth, drawn to sounds of disturbance. They attack in unison and all share in the kill. And then they move on.
Thrasher Brute①Some competitors fight for glory or money. Some just like hitting people.
Thrashing Brontodon①It cares more about preserving the herd's territory than about preserving itself.
Thrashing Mudspawn①It just obeys you. It doesn't *like* you.
Thrashing Wumpus①Young wumpuses are malevolent and vicious-but they grow out of it.
Thrasios, Triton Hero①Beneath crashing waves lies an ocean of secrets waiting to be explored.
Thraximundar①His name means "he who paints the earth red."
Threads of Disloyalty①"Every thought is a string. You just have to find the right ones to pull."
Threads of Disloyalty①"Over time, Konda grew ever more suspicious, fearing even his most loyal allies were being manipulated by unseen hands."↵-*The History of Kamigawa*
Threaten①Goblins' motivational techniques are crude, but effective.
Three Dreams①"Choose one to heal, one to harm, and one to grant you the prudence to use them."↵-Miotri, auratouched mage
Three Tragedies①"As the kami passed over the village of Mita, the inhabitants relived their three most grievous tragedies. Some cried. Some raged. Some were driven to madness. But the next morning, none possessed the will to fight."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Three Visits①"Trying to meet a worthy man in the wrong way is as bad as closing the door on an invited guest."↵-Mencius, a Chinese philosopher
Three Visits①Those who love the woods only wish to spread its majesty.
Three-Headed Goblin①It's true that two heads are better than one, but after that you run into diminishing returns.
Thresher Beast①It destroys everything in its path, including the path itself.
Thresher Lizard①The sound of its plated tail beating on desert rocks is often mistaken for the footfalls of a much larger predator.
Thrill of Possibility①"If the prospect of what could be doesn't electrify you to your core, why attend Strixhaven at all?"↵-Nassari, Prismari dean
Thrill of Possibility①"Remember all the great heroes who were careful and never did anything risky? Me neither."↵-Syr Carah, the Bold
Thrill of Possibility①"Right now, in these first moments of creation, it is simultaneously nothing and everything."
Thrill of Possibility①"The most delicious ingredients are often the most dangerous to obtain."↵-Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, *The Underworld Cookbook*
Thrill-Kill Assassin①As the bounty on Massacre Girl rose, so did the number of imitators.
Thrilling Discovery①"This must be the lost city of Zantafar, where my people lived before becoming nomads. Think of the history we'll learn here!"↵-Quintorius, Lorehold mage-student
Thrilling Encore①"Welcome to the winning team."
Thriss, Nantuko Primus①"When you live for others, you live for yourself."
Thrive①"We wait and watch, and as we prepare for war, we grow strong."
Thrive①The most successful of Simic creations is cytoplasm, a living, symbiotic substance that feeds off genetic rhythms and strengthens its host in return.
Thriving Bluff①As eons passed, the rock wore away, revealing the rich colors at the mountain's heart.
Thriving Grove①Far from human eyes, birds flit between vivid blossoms in a hidden paradise.
Thriving Grubs①Some passengers ride without tickets.
Thriving Heath①Wildflowers here bloom not with the season but with the ebb and flow of magic.
Thriving Ibex①Textiles at the Inventors' Fair feature threads from every corner of Kaladesh.
Thriving Isle①All the wonders of the natural world in one breathtaking microcosm.
Thriving Moor①Beauty appears in strange places for those with eyes to see it.
Thriving Rats①In Ghirapur, even the lowliest residents live in lavish surroundings.
Thriving Rhino①As unpredictable as aether, and just as hard to contain.
Thriving Turtle①Aether shapes everything on Kaladesh, from the sky to the sea.
Throatseeker①"I just felt a drip. It must be about to rain."↵-Stoneway Market vendor, last words
Throne Warden①"Rulers come and go, but my allegiance belongs to the throne."
Throne of Bone①Tainted by a thousand fears.
Throne of Death①It offers all the warmth and comfort of the grave.
Throne of Empires①"With this throne, unite your nation."↵-Throne inscription
Throne of Geth①At the heart of Ish Sah, Geth stokes the dark fires of Phyrexia.
Throne of the God-Pharaoh①"When the Second Sun rests between the horns on the horizon, so begins the Hour of Revelation. Then the Hour of Glory, the Hour of Promise, and finally the Hour of Eternity."↵-*The Accounting of Hours*
Throne of the High City①A shining symbol of Paliano's true ruler-ambition.
Throttle①"The best servants are made from those who died without a scratch."↵-Sidisi, khan of the Sultai
Throttle①"Victim discovered at dawn with mouth agape and eyes bulging. No evidence of blood loss or dismemberment. Severe bruising around the neck."↵-Vallon, Thraben inspector
Thrull Champion①"Those idiots should never have bred Thrulls for combat!"↵-Jherana Rure
Thrull Champion①"Those idiots should never have bred thrulls for combat!"↵-Jherana Rure
Thrull Parasite①The hunger of a vampire and the subtlety of a tax collector.
Thrull Retainer①"Until the Rebellion, Thrulls served their masters faithfully-even at the cost of their own lives."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Thrull Retainer①"Until the Rebellion, thrulls served their masters faithfully-even at the cost of their own lives."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Thrull Surgeon①"Just take a little off the top."
Thrull Wizard①"In crafting intelligent Thrulls to assist in sacrifices, Sahr inadvertantly set the stage for the Thrull Rebellion."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. II*
Thrun, the Last Troll①His crime was silence, and now he suffers it eternally.
Thryx, the Sudden Storm①Even in their mountain fortresses, the Akroans have learned not to anger Thassa.
Thud①"Give 'em a push."↵-Mogwin, goblin delinquent
Thumbscrews①"We will start small, I think."↵-Volrath
Thunder Dragon①Sometimes primitive cultures attributed natural phenomena to monsters. Sometimes they were right.
Thunder Drake①The arrival of the Planar Bridge caused eddies in the aether, creating some entirely new species while transforming others.
Thunder Spirit①"It was full of fire and smoke and light and . . . it drove between us and the Efrafans like a thousand thunderstorms with lightning."↵-Richard Adams, *Watership Down*
Thunder Strike①Lightning reflexes, thunderous might.
Thunder Wall①"The Lemures had barely taken wing when the sky roared with thunder. The swarm of little beasts wavered, divided, and fell, crashing to the earth."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Thunder Wall①"The lemures had barely taken wing when the sky roared with thunder. The swarm of little beasts wavered, divided, and fell, crashing to the earth."↵-General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Thunder-Thrash Elder①Viashino thrashes are led by elders who have survived countless challenges.
Thunderbolt①"Most wizards consider a thunderbolt to be a proper retort."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Thunderbolt①"My next aerial design will use less metal."↵-Hadaken, alchemist of Nephalia
Thunderbreak Regent①Attracting a dragon's attention may be the last mistake you make.
Thunderclap Wyvern①Thunder doesn't always mean rain. Sometimes it means ruin.
Thundercloud Elemental①Some days it's better to stay inside.
Thundercloud Shaman①He cares not for the disasters his storm brings as long as his path ahead is clear.
Thunderfoot Baloth①"Odd. I didn't see any lightning . . . ."↵-Herreth, poacher, last words
Thunderfoot Baloth①If you hear it, it's too late.
Thunderheads①The clouds grew thick, and then they grew teeth.
Thunderherd Migration①The herds follow as new growth arises.
Thundering Ceratok①"I thought this was a civilized plane. How are there so many feral beasts?"↵-Dovin Baan
Thundering Chariot①In times of conflict, the philosophers of Meletis trade their podiums for conveyances of war.
Thundering Djinn①It strikes like a bolt from a brainstorm.
Thundering Giant①The giant was felt a few seconds before he was seen.
Thundering Rebuke①"Fire is too imprecise for my tastes. I'd rather rely on a single, well-placed bolt of lightning."↵-Lyrus, Sea Gate wizard
Thundering Sparkmage①"Stay away from my friends!"
Thundering Spineback①"It appears that nature has risen against us."↵-Captain Brinely Rage
Thundering Tanadon①"We do not need beakers and vials to test our predators."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Thundermare①Its hooves strike lightning and the thunder follows quickly after.
Thunderous Snapper①While humans hear only a deafening roar, the fae hear music of breathtaking beauty.
Thunderscape Familiar①Thunderscape masters release familiars to help guide their apprentices down the thunderscape path.
Thundersong Trumpeter①"Hear that? Those notes mean we've arrived at Sunhome! Let our allies' hearts soar and our enemies' hearts shatter at the sound!"↵-Klattic, Boros legionnaire
Thunderstaff①Jort the Thunder-Mad spent his life perfecting a way to harness the power of the heavens.
Thundersteel Colossus①"*This* is what I needed all that alloy for."↵-Arima, to Emire
Thunderwolf Cavalry①The practice of tracking and training Thunderwolves is a sort of initiation ritual into the upper echelons of the Wolf Guard.
Thwart the Enemy①"Your prey is in my custody now. Withdraw."↵-Vivien Reid
Tiamat①"My children will rule over all!"
Tiana, Ship's Caretaker①"Nothing is too broken to mend."
Tibalt's Rager①"Find out whose that is. I like its energy."↵-Judith
Tibor and Lumia①Tracing the horizon in a dance of wind and fire.
Ticket Turbotubes①"WE ARE FILLED WITH TICKETS. WE ARE FILLED WITH PURPOSE."
Ticketomaton①"Please do not engage in debates on the nature of reality with the robot staff."↵-Astrotorium sign
Ticking Mime Bomb①Silent, but deadly.
Tidal Barracuda①It lurks in the spaces between moments.
Tidal Bore①The dry riverbed became a raging torrent, and the Cho-Arrim claimed their prize.
Tidal Force①"Do not speak the name of the sea, for if it should hear you and rise up, no fortress in the world could hide you."↵-Gimara of Halimar
Tidal Kraken①To merfolk, pirates are a nuisance. To pirates, merfolk are a threat. To the kraken, they're both appetizers.
Tidal Surge①"'Twas when the seas were roaring With hollow blasts of wind . . . ."↵-John Gay, "The What D'Ye Call It"
Tidal Surge①"It is nature that gives us our boundaries and nature that enforces them."↵-Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Tidal Surge①Four little goblins, trapped by the sea. One teased a serpent, and then there were three.
Tidal Visionary①Beneath the waves, things appear the way merfolk want them to.
Tidal Warrior①The tide of battle favors those who can swim.
Tidal Wave①"The floor of the sea is paved with the shattered remnants of vessels that navigated its surface unwelcomed."↵-Thassa, god of the sea
Tidal Wave①When mountains ride the sea, waves live upon the fields.
Tide Drifter①It didn't do much, but the residents of Sea Gate gave it a wide berth all the same.
Tide Skimmer①Fishing boats often follow hunting drakes to find the largest schools of fish.
Tidechannel Pathway①"Trust in the path, and it will bear you to safety."↵-Inga Rune-Eyes
Tideforce Elemental①Ebb and flow, high tide and low, quick as sand and just as slow.
Tidehollow Strix①The scullers beneath Esper keep strixes as trained pets, and set them loose when a fare refuses to pay.
Tidepool Turtle①Prized by wizards as a mobile scrying pool, it bears visions drawn from the depths of the sea.
Tideshaper Mystic①He paints with drop and shimmer a world that exists only in the wistful heart.
Tidespout Tyrant①He unmakes the world in his own image.
Tidespout Tyrant①The stadium tests more than just fighting skill. For example, swimming ability.
Tidings①"Many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose-quills."↵-William Shakespeare, *Hamlet*
Tidings①"Though the letter was many pages long, I could tell all I needed to know from one look at the messenger's face."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Tidy Conclusion①Aetherborn patrons use any means necessary to secure victory for their proteges.
Tiger Claws①Cho-Arrim martial artists emulate the beasts of their home.
Tigereye Cameo①"An elvish adventurer unearthed this stone in Jolrael's jungle. Now it's truly fit for display in one of her palaces."↵-Isel, master carver
Tightening Coils①Having gone to the trouble of stealing a bident from a god on another world, Kiora was eager to test its capabilities.
Tilling Treefolk①He digs his roots into barren ground, searching for old seeds that never had the chance to sprout.
Tilonalli's Knight①The people of the Sun Empire worship the sun in three aspects. Tilonalli is the Burning Sun, associated with ferocity, fire, and passion.
Tilonalli's Skinshifter①"I am the ferocity of the Burning Sun. I am hide and feather, fang and claw."
Timber Gorge①Glaciers, torrential floods, and temporal disturbances came and went. The mountains yet stood, unchanged.
Timber Gorge①Near the Western Seas lies Mount Zhaoyao-a forest of stones that reaches the clouds, a bountiful land of wondrous treasures and strange animals.
Timber Gorge①Tazeem's embrace is harsh, but for those that call it home, nothing else will do.
Timber Protector①In his presence, an ordinary grove becomes a bastion to turn spells and break armies.
Timber Shredder①"She even had the audacity to criticize my wares as inferior."↵-Old Rutstein
Timber Wolves①Though many think of Wolves as solitary predators, they are actually extremely social animals. During a hunt they often call to each other, which can be quite unsettling for their prey.
Timbercrown Pathway①"Walk quickly and ignore any roars from the undergrowth."↵-Enwor, Sea Gate Expeditionary House
Timberland Guide①"Can you build a fire? Track a deer? Identify killer trees? Then you'll never survive Kessig without me."
Timberland Guide①Hiring an experienced wilderness guide isn't cheap, but it costs less than a search party. Or a funeral.
Timbermare①Only nature wreaks such lovely havoc.
Timbermaw Larva①"You can't trust your eyes. A tree might look healthy, but its insides tell a different tale."↵-Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Timberpack Wolf①"The need for the pack is bred in their bones. Their true strength will not show itself for any other purpose."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Timberpack Wolf①Their strength is no mere numbers game. An intangible force augments the wolves when they run together.
Timberwatch Elf①"If you ever want to leave this forest, now's the time."
Timberwatch Elf①Even through the Mirari's voice, the elves still hear the call of their kinship.
Time Ebb①"Gone today, here tomorrow."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Time Ebb①"The ogre had come from out of the blue, so that's where I sent it back."↵-Talas wizard
Time Ebb①"Yesterday you were just a figment of your master's imagination. I liked you better then."↵-Shai Fusan, archmage
Time Ebb①Like the tide, time both ebbs and flows.
Time Out①Anyone other than a goblin would've gotten only a hand caught in the cookie jar.
Time Reversal①"Any oaf can conquer a kingdom. It takes true power to conquer time."↵-Shai Fusan, archmage
Time Reversal①"Optimists see the world as they wish it to be. Pessimists see the world as it is. Must these roles be mutually exclusive?"↵-Evo Ragus
Time Sieve①"I pray that I am never considered useless or old."↵-Sharuum the Hegemon
Time Stretch①"I swear, I just wanted a few extra hours to do my homework!"↵-Petro, novice chronomancer
Time Stretch①There's lots of time like the present.
Time Walk①2011 Vintage Championship Winner
Time Walk①2018 North America Vintage Championship
Time Warp①"Chronomancers have a rather different definition of living in the moment."↵-*The Millennium Tome*
Time Warp①"Let's do it again!"↵-Squee, goblin cabin hand
Time Warp①Just when you thought you'd survived the first wave.
Time Wipe①"To comprehend the full answer requires years of temporal study. In short, they were now never born in the first place."↵-Teferi
Time and Tide①"Time may heal all wounds, but what heals time?"↵-Teferi
Time of Heroes①No one spoke. There was no need. The threat of the Eldrazi presented a simple choice: lay down your weapons and die for nothing, or hold them fast and die for something.
Time of Need①"When the kumo attacked the monks' sacred shrine, a mournful toll for help echoed through the forest. Thus began the Battle of Silk, which would last six years."↵-*Great Battles of Kamigawa*
Time to Reflect①"Occasionally, there are those who refuse to appreciate all that the God-Pharaoh provides for us."↵-Temmet, vizier of Naktamun
Timecrafting①Oddly, an unstable time stream makes wizards want to tinker with it even more.
Timeless Dragon①It has flown the sky for eons without ever touching ground.
Timeless Lotus①Urza exploited nature to power his war machines; in time, nature exploited his war machines to renew itself.
Timeless Witness①Intent: We'd like to re-imagine the Eternal Witness as an initiate on Amonkhet.
Timely Interference①Students fled with their research as Tolaria fell to the Phyrexians.
Timely Reinforcements①The gods are not always kind, but they do have a soft spot for plucky underdogs.
Timely Ward①Behind every general who leads from the front is a nervous mage with a spell at the ready.
Timetwister①2004 Vintage Championship Winner
Timetwister①2012 Vintage Championship Winner
Timetwister①2018 Asia Vintage Champion
Timetwister①2021 Vintage Champion
Timid Drake①"I sneezed, and it bolted."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Timid Drake①It flees from anything that isn't shaped like a cloud.
Timmy, Power Gamer①"Just wait till I get my Gigantosaurus...."
Timmy, Power Gamer①"Just wait till I get my Leviathan . . . ."
Tin Street Dodger①"That giant didn't even see me, let alone catch me! And I was close enough to smell him! Of course, that's not saying much."
Tin Street Hooligan①"Rauck-Chauv's like a holiday! Only it isn't on the calendars, and instead of dancing you knock people flat, and instead of giving gifts you break stuff."
Tin Street Market①"Sometimes I stroll along Tin Street and watch citizens busy with their daily lives. It reminds me why I do my job."↵-Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Tine Shrike①A new bird of prey-one that hunts sentience.
Tinker①"I wonder how it feels to be bored."↵-Jhoira, artificer
Tinker①"What separates us from mere beasts is the capacity for self-improvement."
Tinybones, Trinket Thief①Big distractions mean tiny nuisances can slip by unnoticed.
Tireless Hauler①The new hire proved more than enough to replace the three farmhands who disappeared the week before.
Tireless Missionaries①If they succeed in their holy work, their order will vanish into welcome obscurity, for there will be no more souls to redeem.
Tireless Tracker①"Tell me, Muse, of that man, so ready at need, who wandered far and wide."↵-Homer, *The Odyssey*
Tireless Tribe①"We've survived starvation, dwarf attacks, and heatstroke. Why should a little sandstorm bother us?"
Tishana's Wayfinder①"There is always another way."
Titan Hunter①"Monster or human, my rate's the same."
Titan of Eternal Fire①There is no gift more precious or more perilous than fire.
Titan's Presence①Dust and memory are all that remain in Ulamog's wake.
Titan's Strength①"One last push, and then my task is done."
Titania's Boon①When the winds rock the trees, listen for voices in the creaking of the trunks. If you hear your name, you are one of the Goddess's chosen.
Titania's Chosen①"What do a hero and an arrow have in common? In times of war are many more made."↵-Elvish riddle
Titania①Voice of the Argoth forest, defender of its creatures, and enforcer of its laws, Titania is literally an aspect of the forest itself. Her power and her very existence are linked to the land: when the forest is healthy, Titania is ascendant. When Argoth suffers, Titania also bleeds.
Titanic Brawl①Whoever wins, the neighborhood loses.
Titanic Bulvox①With natural laws abandoned, excess thrives.
Titanic Growth①The massive dominate through might. The tiny survive with guile. Beware the tiny who become massive.
Titanic Growth①The pup looked over the treetops, eyeing the man who just yesterday had kicked her. Suddenly, her hunger was infused with pure delight.
Titanic Ultimatum①"Retribution is best delivered by claws and rage, with both magnified."↵-Ajani
Titanium Golem①Centuries before the first blades of the Razor Fields chimed in the wind, Mirrodin echoed with the golems' footsteps.
Tithebearer Giant①"I've always said full war chests win wars, but I didn't mean by bashing enemy skulls with them."↵-Teysa
Tivadar of Thorn①His blade came down upon the neck of a goblin-but not the one he had charged. When Tivadar looked up, the world he had known was gone.
To Arms!①"The call came, spell-borne through mortar and stone to the ear of every soldier. The call came, and the advantage was ours."↵-Lodusz, captain of the watch
To the Slaughter①"Where has little Gossamer gone?"↵-Thaniel, Gatstaf shepherd
Tobias Andrion①Administrator of the military state of Sheoltun, Tobias Andrion is the military right arm of the empire and the figurehead of its freedom.
Tobias Andrion①Administrator of the military state of Sheoltun, Tobias is the military right arm of the empire and the figurehead of its freedom.
Tobias, Doomed Conqueror①Tobias spent decades tormenting pirates on the open sea and decades more dancing lifelessly beneath it.
Tocatli Honor Guard①The glorious city of Pachatupa is the center of the Sun Empire, and Tocatli, the emperor's palace, is its glowing heart.
Toil to Renown①The last survivor of her patrol, the warrior returned expecting disappointment and scorn. Instead she found gratitude. "You are alive. That is reason to celebrate."
Toils of Night and Day①"The war sent Kamigawa into turmoil. Here it was spring and there winter. For some, time stood still, while for others, moments flashed past like minnows in a pond."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Tolarian Academy①2020 Vintage Champion
Tolarian Academy①The academy worked with time-until time ran out.
Tolarian Drake①Many have been lost just in staring at its wings. What's seen differs from account to account, but madness is always part of the story.
Tolarian Entrancer①"Why should I boast? The bards will do it for me-and with music."↵-Ertai, wizard adept
Tolarian Geyser①"If they don't drown, perhaps they'll rust."
Tolarian Kraken①"It's contemplative, resourceful, and original. Everything else aside, it's the perfect student."↵-Naban, dean of iteration
Tolarian Scholar①The Tolarian Academies embrace a tradition of study and research while discouraging the kinds of experiments that ruined the original island of Tolaria.
Tolarian Sentinel①"It is not just our people I try to rescue. It is our culture, and our hope that we can return to greatness."
Tolarian Serpent①"When the fishtails' threats of magic didn't move me, they set their pet on us."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Tolarian Terror①Afterward, a number of treatises on sea serpent morphology were swiftly revised.
Tolarian Winds①Afterward, Tolaria's winds were like the whispers of lost wizards, calling for life.
Tolarian Winds①Why not ask the winds?↵-Tolarian expression meaning "Who knows?"
Tolaria①"Fairest Isle, all isles excelling,/ Seat of Pleasures, and of loves . . ." -John Dryden
Tomb of the Dusk Rose①. . . resting in the splendor of the dead.
Tomb of the Spirit Dragon①"The voice calls me here, yet I see only bones. Is this more dragon trickery?"↵-Sarkhan Vol
Tombfire①The fondest memories burn brightest. As they're lost forever, the flames grow hotter still.
Tombstalker①When it ran out of bodies, it broke down the crypt door and sought new sustenance.
Tome Anima①Sometimes knowledge takes on a life of its own.
Tome Raider①"Humans are so forgetful. Every page I steal becomes a secret they can't remember."
Tome Scour①"I hope none of those were important!"
Tome Scour①Genius is overrated, especially when it's someone else's.
Tome Shredder①"Quintorius, would you care to explain why you didn't complete your homework?"↵-Augusta, Lorehold dean
Tome of the Guildpact①"Reading it has given me a glimpse of what makes this deeply flawed city so very magnificent."↵-Dovin Baan
Tomik, Distinguished Advokist①"Some bend the law. I tie it into knots.
Tomik, Distinguished Advokist①"Some bend the law. I tie it into knots."
Tonic Peddler①"The price is written at the bottom of the cup."
Toolcraft Exemplar①"If you wish to produce the finest work, you must start with the finest tools."
Tooth and Claw①"Don't spend long examining signs of its passage. That you find them at all means it's still close at hand."↵-Varra, Warden of the East Road
Tooth and Claw①"You deify nature as female-kind and gentle-yet you cringe at what is natural."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Tooth of Ramos①Ramos smiled, and there was day.
Tooth, Claw, and Tail①"Silence your wailing. This is but a taste of the destruction my pets have in store."
Toothy, Imaginary Friend①Go ahead, tell it that it isn't real.
Topan Ascetic①Monks from Topa wander all of Bant, encouraging the Unbeholden to find their place in society through honorable combat.
Topan Freeblade①"My scars are my sigils. I will wear them with pride long after you're gone."
Topaz Dragon①What its gaze doesn't wither, its breath surely will.
Topple the Statue①Bolas cared little when his statue fell, thinking it a useful distraction, underestimating the surge of resolve it gave his opponents.
Topple①"Let all witness the fate of those who defy me."↵-Crovax
Topsy Turvy①"Here on going is heck the what?"
Tor Giant①"What do you do then? Run. Run very fast. Don't stop until you see the camp-or a bigger Giant."↵-Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Torbran, Thane of Red Fell①"I like problems that can be solved with an axe. And it turns out, when you have an axe, that's most of them."
Torbran, Thane of Red Fell①A dwarf's grudge runs deeper than the mountains' roots.
Torch Breath①"Fried squid, comin' up!"
Torch Courier①"Light a torch and deliver this letter" were his instructions, which he unfortunately reversed.
Torch Drake①"Drakes? Bah! Things that breathe don't interest me. It breathes *fire*, you say? Well, that's a different story!"↵-Zataz, Izzet clockwork artificer
Torch Fiend①Devils redecorate every room with fire.
Torch Gauntlet①"Good morning, children. Please open your aether valves and ignite your gauntlets."↵-Rakib, Ghirapur schoolteacher
Torch Slinger①Once thrown, twice burned.
Torens, Fist of the Angels①He seems absolutely imperturbable. I can fancy what a wonderful power he must have over his patients.
Torment of Hailfire①"Your God-Pharaoh has returned."
Torment of Scarabs①Like a carpet unrolling for their god, the scarabs poured out from the necropolis.
Torment of Venom①The Scorpion God's sting sends venom strong enough to poison blood, bone, and spirit.
Tormented Angel①Falling from heaven is not as painful as surviving the impact.
Tormented Pariah①"Hey lads, the moon's rising. All the better to watch him beg for mercy."
Tormented Soul①Those who raged most bitterly at the world in life are cursed to roam the nether realms in death.
Tormented Thoughts①"Not all nightmares can be escaped by waking."↵-Ashiok
Tormented Thoughts①"Not all nightmares can be escaped by waking."↵-Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Tormenting Voice①"The voice has grown louder, its accusations angrier and more insistent. By morning, it will likely drown out all else. I fear what I will do."↵-Letter discovered in an abandoned estate
Tormenting Voice①"Unwelcome thoughts crowd my mind. Are they my own madness, or the whispers of another?"↵-Sarkhan Vol
Tormenting Voice①"You are undeserving of the afterlife. You will never feel the God-Pharaoh's embrace."
Tormenting Voice①A mocking laughter echoed in Ugin's mind. How many centuries had he slumbered, stricken, while Nicol Bolas moved unchallenged among the planes?
Tormenting Voice①Kargan tribal lands rarely have issues with goblin raids. Coincidentally, they also rarely have issues keeping their dragons fed.
Tormentor Exarch①"Tend the molten slag, or be the molten slag."↵-Urabrask's enforcer
Tormentor's Trident①To a demon there is no such thing as restraint.
Torment①"Volrath has killed me. All that remains of me is the scar!"↵-Tahngarth
Tormod's Cryptkeeper①It guards not a body, but a secret.
Tormod's Crypt①Dominaria's most extravagant crypt nevertheless holds an empty grave.
Tormod's Crypt①The dark opening seemed to breathe the cold, damp air of the dead earth in a steady rhythm.
Tormod, the Desecrator①"Life is but the precursor to a long and successful death."
Torpid Moloch①Market hucksters sell molochs for use as watchdogs. Of course, that's all molochs do. Sit around . . . and watch.
Torpor Dust①"Some folk these days are too restless to dream the dreams we need. We need to teach them to stop and catch their breath."
Torpor Orb①"Phyrexia is certainly dangerous, but I have to admire some of its innovations."↵-Tezzeret
Torrent of Fire①Dragon fire melts any instrument designed to measure it.
Torrent of Lava①The mountain's voice shouts us all down.
Torsten Von Ursus①"How can you accuse me of evil? Though these deeds be unsavory, no one will argue: good shall follow from them."
Tortoise Formation①At sea, the Jhessian fleet strikes swiftly and decisively. On land, facing the elite cavalry of Valeron, its marines must rely on more cautious strategies.
Tortured Existence①"There are terrors lurking in the unseen corners of us all."↵-Crovax
Torture①"It helps pass the time until you die."↵-Grandmother Sengir
Torture①"It helps you pass the time until you die."↵-Grandmother Sengir
Torture①"Oh, they scream, right enough, and plead, too-but the Baron keeps no mercy in his vault of horrors."↵-Zeki, Reef Pirate
Torture①What the vigor of life builds up, agony tears down again.
Toshiro Umezawa①Though only looking out for himself, Toshiro ended up saving all of Kamigawa.
Totally Lost①At least this was better than that week at the Juri Revue.
Totally Lost①Fblthp had always hated crowds.
Totem Speaker①"Elves and beasts are tied together, and I am the knot that binds them."
Totem-Guide Hartebeest①It is hunted, but not for the kill. The magic within draws others to its presence.
Totem-Guide Hartebeest①The kor track hartebeests in hopes of finding magic to help fight the Eldrazi.
Touch and Go①Judge's ruling: The interior of the face still counts as the face, so a nose-pick is legitimate grounds for saying "Gotcha!"
Touch and Go①Judge's ruling: The interior of the face still counts as the face, so a nose-pick is legitimate grounds for saying "Gotcha"
Touch of Brilliance①"I don't want what I don't have. I want more of what I *do* have."
Touch of Brilliance①Acting on one good idea is better than hoarding all the world's knowledge.
Touch of Darkness①"Black spirits and white, red spirits and gray,/↵Mingle, mingle, mingle, you that mingle may."↵-Thomas Middleton, The Witch
Touch of Death①"What was yours is mine. Your land, your people, and now your life."↵-Lim-Dul, the Necromancer
Touch of Invisibility①Cephalids specialize in things unseen, be they politics, betrayal, or themselves.
Touch of the Eternal①"Time is a vigilant tyrant, but there are those who have broken free of its gaze."↵-Laikas, Erunian monk
Touch of the Void①Some wounds never heal.
Touchstone①"One touch to the stone and the sidar's son turned me from stalwart to statue."↵-Karn, silver golem
Tourach's Canticle①The same hymns Tourach sang to praise the Ebon Praetor would later be adapted to glorify Tourach himself.
Tournament Grounds①No one knows when the tournament began. All they know is that it will never end.
Tovolar's Huntmaster①"Do you smell that, friends? Fear and despair."
Towashi Songshaper①Most Uprisers augment their bodies for speed, strength, or protection, but a few just want to be one with the music.
Tower Defense①"The drakes are practice. We may one day need to bring down a sky swallower, or maybe even Rakdos himself."↵-Korun Nar, Rubblebelt hunter
Tower Defense①"We've been practicing for this all our lives. This is the final test!"↵-Korun Nar, Rubblebelt hunter
Tower Drake①The first motion put forth in the pristine Jelenn Column was for severe restrictions on the airspace around New Prahv.
Tower Drake①Young tower drakes quickly learn to maneuver among Benalia's many spires.
Tower Gargoyle①"Esper, like any work of art, can be truly appreciated only from a distance."↵-Tezzeret
Tower Geist①Jenrik's tower is served by those who once sought to enter it uninvited.
Tower of Calamities①The ur-golems concealed one of their towers out of fear that its power would be abused, and in anticipation of a time when its power would be sorely needed.
Tower of Champions①The ur-golem runes tell of the transformation of Mirrodin's warden from silent guardian to merciless god.
Tower of Eons①Its etchings tell the ur-golems' stories of an entity able to force life into a lifeless plane.
Tower of Fortunes①The ur-golem etchings begin by celebrating Mirrodin's creator, a golem of almost limitless power. They end by cursing its protector, a being called Memnarch.
Tower of Murmurs①Etched on its surface are warnings from a long-lost race of ur-golems pushed to the brink of extinction.
Tower of the Magistrate①Like the city, weakest at its foundation.
Towering Baloth①The Mirari twisted all that lived in the Krosan Forest into gross mockeries of their former selves.
Towering Indrik①It chases its airborne prey relentlessly, heedless to what it pulverizes beneath its hooves.
Towering Thunderfist①"Nothing ruins a party like one of those big killjoys bursting through the door and setting all the guests free."↵-Ruba, Rakdos cultist
Towering Titan①"Knock, knock."
Towering-Wave Mystic①Thassa's favor followed him to the Underworld. Even the waves of Nerono obeyed his will.
Town Gossipmonger①"You'll never believe what I heard."
Town Sentry①"So he gots a sword. Big deal."↵"Yeah, it's a big deal-it's a big sword!"↵-Two goblins outside the gates of Trokin
Toxic Abomination①Deep in the forgotten reaches of Urborg, ancient Phyrexian monstrosities shamble endlessly, putrid ichor leaking from their rusted forms.
Toxic Deluge①"I am greater than rain and nourishment. I am glistening oil and perfection."↵-Yawgmoth
Toxic Deluge①"It's a difficult task to quarantine a plague that moves with the clouds."↵-Esara, healer adept
Toxic Deluge①Armor dissolved into flesh. Flesh melted to bone. Bone fell away to nothing.
Toxic Iguanar①There are no "weak" creatures on Jund. Even the smallest can strike a deadly blow.
Toxic Nim①The nim have become roving killers marshaled by whichever thane holds tenuous leadership.
Toxic Scorpion①"You want that venom? Collect it yourself! I'm not losing another pair of dragonhide gloves."↵-Old Rutstein
Toxicrene①It emits a stinking cloud composed of millions of nascent microscopic organisms, each possessing a fragment of predatory sentience.
Toxin Sliver①It doesn't need to use its venom-it just needs you to know it can.
Track Down①Scents fade and footprints wash away, but some trails can never be erased.
Trade Routes①Like the price of goods, the value of the routes was renegotiated daily.
Trade Routes①The wise, the righteous, the mighty-the merchant feeds them all.
Tradewind Rider①"'Tis a shame, in such a tempest, to have but one anchor."↵-Laurence Sterne, *Tristram Shandy*
Tradewind Rider①It is said that the wind will blow the world past if you wait long enough.
Tragic Arrogance①The spear thrown by Kytheon's own hand was the weapon that felled his friends.
Tragic Fall①Every final journey begins with a single misstep.
Tragic Lesson①Though Kefnet's followers feverishly searched his last words for some final riddle, they found only the gurgles of a dying god.
Tragic Poet①"I would weep, but my tears have been stolen; I would shout, but my voice has been taken. Thus, I write."
Tragic Poet①"In a healing world I write-I, who will never be healed. Let my last gift be one of memory: from a thousand lost thoughts, choose one, and remember my name."
Tragic Slip①Linger on death's door and risk being invited in.
Trail of Evidence①"Every answer seems to lead to a more terrifying question."↵-Jace Beleren
Trailblazer's Boots①It's much easier to list the places they *haven't* been.
Trailblazer①"Our Elvish Hunter Taaveti led us swiftly along hidden paths through the dense forest. We caught the Orcs from behind, and completely by surprise."↵-Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Train of Thought①"But then . . . oh, but . . . which means . . . which would lead to . . . exactly!"
Trained Armodon①Armodons are trained to step on things. Enemy things.
Trained Armodon①These are its last days. Better to grow broad and heavy. Better that the enemy is crushed beneath its carcass.
Trained Caracal①Some Ravnicans consider carrying a sword to be beneath them, preferring instead a tooth-and-claw escort.
Trained Cheetah①"[King Mulu's cheetahs] came riding on the winds, charging, with fangs bared and claws flexed."
Trained Condor①"They're smart enough to understand that war means lots of carrion."↵-Griv, condor rider
Trained Jackal①To taunt a man into action, call him a coward. To insult him beyond forgiveness, call him a jackal.
Trained Orgg①"That arm's for bashin'. That one's for smashin'. That one's for scratchin'. And that one . . . I don't know what that one's for."↵-Orgg trainer
Trained Orgg①All orggs know how to kill; training teaches them *what* to kill.
Trained Pronghorn①"The desert asked the Ancestor for children, and the antelope were born."↵-Nomad myth
Training Center①Between matches, combatants practice to stay in peak mental and physical form.
Training Drone①"Vulshok flail, Viridian shield, loxodon blade . . . Tazzir, bring the Moriok hook and assemble the rookies."↵-Vy Covalt, Neurok agent
Training Grounds①"Practice alone will not bring perfection. The practice itself must be perfect. Again!"
Training Grounds①Under the master's eye, skills are honed sharper and spells cut deeper.
Traitorous Blood①"I can make you dance to my tune like a puppet, your very blood eager to obey."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Traitorous Greed①"Remind me again, what's the going rate for betrayal these days?"↵-Captain Rhenmir
Traitorous Instinct①Joining the Worldsoul took years of study and meditation. Severing that connection took the snap of Rakdos's fingers.
Traitorous Instinct①The horror lurched about like a puppet from a madman's nightmare, squeezing the life from its own kind.
Tramway Station①A ten-minute ride can take you to the luxury of Park Heights, or the grit of the Caldaia.
Tranquil Cove①Deep-space ports provide temporary shelter for Imperial cruisers on long voyages.
Tranquil Domain①"An ancient court mage unified the houses into guilds to serve Zhalfir above their own interests. Even during the civil war, the guilds stood together, a testament to the wisdom of Teferi."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Tranquil Expanse①Beyond the chaos of Ghirapur lies a vibrant world where aether flows through nature.
Tranquil Expanse①Despite the chaos of the Roil and the devastation of the Eldrazi, Zendikar is a world of breathtaking beauty.
Tranquil Grove①"Even the fiercest storm has a peaceful eye."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Tranquil Path①Freyalise bought the planeswalkers the time they needed by clearing a path through the misshapen hell of Phyrexia.
Tranquility①"Peace will come, but whether born of harmony or entropy I cannot say."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Tranquility①Sisay had been restored to her place on the ship, the Legacy had been recovered, and the *Weatherlight* was sailing home to Dominaria. Gerrard focused on the debts he'd settled . . . and on those he'd soon collect.
Tranquility①The plagues robbed Dominaria of all but its dreams. Eladamri hoped dreams were enough.
Transcendent Envoy①"The first griffins were made by the gods to capture falling stars; they were given the keenest eyes and the swiftest wings, and sent to keep watch above the clouds."↵-*The Cosmogony*
Transgress the Mind①"Fear of the unknown can be a wonderfully innocent thing, relatively speaking."↵-Anowon, the Ruin Sage
Transguild Courier①Reluctant to meet face to face, the leaders of the ten guilds prefer to do official business through a go-between immune to bribes and threats.
Transluminant①"Forget yourself. Forget your city. Forget your homes, your families, the debts and obligations that hold you to this world."
Transmogrify①"I'd like to introduce you to the new and improved me."
Transmutation①"You know what I was,/ You see what I am: change me, change me!" -Randall
Transmutation①"You know what I was,/ You see what I am: change me, change me!"↵-Randall Jarrell, *The Woman at the Washington Zoo*
Trap Essence①"Meat sustains the body. The spirit requires different sustenance."↵-Arel the Whisperer
Trap Runner①"How could I catch her when the trees conspired to stop me?"
Trapeze Artist①Heinrich catches the trapeze only about half the time, but he looks so good falling.
Trapfinder's Trick①"At some point, every trapfinder will lose a hunk of flesh. It's just a question of how much-and whether it'll grow back."↵-Arhana, Kazandu trapfinder
Trapjaw Kelpie①Travelers in these waters leave a bit of themselves behind.
Trapjaw Tyrant①"I would advise you not to struggle."↵-Huatli
Trapmaker's Snare①"Trapmaking is an art. The trap is a corporeal riddle, a battle of wits between its creator and whatever it lures inside."
Trapped in the Tower①"At least up here I have some peace and quiet."
Trash Bin①"I had to wrestle a squirrel for it, but I won!"
Trash Bin①Standing knee-deep in unsorted Astrotorium garbage, Gurnt couldn't help but feel his trip was finally starting to turn around.
Trash Bin①To be honest, it's not much dirtier than the ball pit.
Trash Bin①Yet another trash uncommon.
Trash for Treasure①Goblins generally have two possessions: one per hand.
Traumatize①"The educated mind is heavy with lore and knowledge. It's also the most likely to collapse under its own weight."↵-Ambassador Laquatus
Traumatize①Dreads had half a mind to leave.
Traumatize①He was left with just enough memory to understand what he had lost.
Traumatize①You won't know what you're missing.
Travel Preparations①Visiting a shrine at the start of a journey makes the traveler more likely to finish it.
Traveler's Amulet①"The best kind of treasure is the kind that leads to more treasure!"↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Traveler's Amulet①"What we call magic is nothing more than hope crystallized into a destination."↵-Perisophia the philosopher
Traveler's Amulet①"Why wander in search of a new home when the path is laid out before you?"↵-Pytamun, former Nef-crop initiate
Traveler's Amulet①A vision of home, and a glimpse of hope.
Traveler's Amulet①The rider set off into the eerie mist, swaddled in armor and laden with amulets.
Traveling Minister①Priests of the Sigardian Sect travel to the farthest reaches to spread hope and healing, even in the darkest times.
Traveling Philosopher①The Champion and the philosopher Olexa returned from the opposing camp at dusk. Behind them, the enemy raised sail and departed, breaking the siege. When asked what the two had done, the Champion replied, "We spoke to them."↵-*The Theriad*
Traverse the Outlands①"By the time you've seen it all, all have already changed."↵-Wandering treant, name unknown
Traverse the Outlands①With such great footsteps, everything is within walking distance.
Trazyn the Infinite①The Archaeovist of the Solemnace Galleries will not rest until every treasure in the galaxy is safely within his clutches.
Treacherous Blessing①Phenax is generous with gifts and unforgiving of debts.
Treacherous Link①"You cannot possibly know the toll your alliances will exact from you."↵-Barrin, to Urza
Treachery①"The academy educates; I employ. It's a perfect arrangement."↵-Gatha, Tolarian renegade
Tread Upon①"Boasting impenetrable defenses only draws the most tenacious of attackers."↵-Yikaro, Atarka warrior
Treasonous Ogre①"Everything comes with a price. Especially revolution."↵-Grenzo, dungeon warden
Treasure Cove①Half the treasure is the glory of finding it.
Treasure Cruise①Countless delights drift on the surface while dark schemes run below.
Treasure Hunter①"The treasures of the ancients belong in museums, not in the grubby hands of grave robbers."
Treasure Hunter①"What separates junk from treasure is imagination."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Treasure Hunt①"Some call me a thief. I prefer to think of myself as a discreet borrower."↵-Dack Fayden, Planeswalker
Treasure Hunt①"The longer the journey, the more one learns."↵-Isanke, Halimar seastalker
Treasure Nabber①The Law of Givesies Backsies is respected by every noble pursuer of shiny things.
Treasure Trove①"Nope, there's nothing here either. You guys go on ahead, I'll catch up in a minute. . . . Whoo hoo!"
Treasure Trove①"Wealth means power; the power to subdue, to crush, to exploit, the power to enslave, to outrage, to degrade."↵-Emma Goldman, "Anarchism"
Treasure Trove①Karn and Hanna stood over the recovered Legacy artifacts like loving parents over sleeping children.
Treasure Vault①There is wealth enough inside to cause the rise and the ruin of dynasties.
Treasured Find①Gorgons crave beautiful things: gems, exquisite amulets, the alabaster corpses of the petrified dead . . .
Treats to Share①"It's gingerbread, like Mother makes. What is there to be afraid of?"
Tree Monkey①"They serve the world best on a platter with shallots and onions."↵-Talas sailor
Tree Monkey①The vines and branches of the jungle canopy are all the wings it needs.
Tree of Perdition①There will be no absolution.
Tree of Redemption①The executioner's tree in Thraben Cathedral holds the power to absolve more than the souls of the hanged.
Tree of Tales①Tel-Jilad, sanctum of the ancient trolls, keepers of the secret of Mirrodin's origin.
Treefolk Healer①Protected by druids for untold centuries, the forest began to return the favor.
Treefolk Mystic①Urza's wards fell from him like autumn leaves as he entered the dreaming grove. He awoke imprisoned in living wood.
Treefolk Seedlings①Even the grandest forest begins with a single seedling.↵-Llanowar saying
Treefolk Seedlings①The year that the brothers landed on Argoth, the trees produced five times as many seeds as normal.
Treeshaker Chimera①The wisdom of the past is written on the bones of ancients.
Treespring Lorian①No matter your strength, the Krosan Forest is stronger. No matter your speed, the Wirewood Forest is faster.
Treetop Bracers①Gravity is truly what you make of it.
Treetop Rangers①"If you can't catch them, cut the trees down from beneath them. Force them to fight on our terms."↵-Mishra
Treetop Scout①At home among the swaying, supple branches of the treetops, some scouts live their entire lives never touching ground.
Treetop Sentinel①Crian's patrols afford him plenty of opportunity to take potshots at the "dirtwalkers" far below.
Trelasarra, Moon Dancer①"Eilistraee teaches us that we are not bound by the circumstances of our birth. We all may find beauty and light, if we have the courage to seek them."
Tremble①Otaria's frequent tremors are the last stages of Dominaria's recovery from the Phyrexian war.
Tremor①"Where do you run when the earth becomes your enemy?"↵-Naimag, Femeref philosopher
Tremor①"Where do you run when the earth becomes your enemy?"↵-Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Tremor①One little goblin shook up the ground. When the dust cleared, no one was found.
Tremor①Where do you run when the earth becomes your enemy?
Tremor①Without a word, Gerrard and Sisay ran deeper into the mountain. Neither of them intended to leave Mercadia without the *Weatherlight* and its crew.
Trench Wurm①"Their arrival marks the end of Yawgmoth's subtlety."↵-Urza
Trenching Steed①The Keldons took several of the steeds as trophies of war. They'd never seen such a light beast stand so firm.
Trespasser il-Vec①At the epicenter of the Rathi overlay, the City of Traitors did not align with Dominaria. Many of its inhabitants were caught between the two worlds.
Trespasser's Curse①Even in the relative safety of the city, there are places best left undisturbed.
Trespassing Souleater①"We thank the souleaters for surveilling our lives that we may be preserved from our own ignorance."↵-Drones' hymn of gratitude
Tresserhorn Sinks①"Our land oppressed by silent Cold, We weary wretches, young and old, Pray that Springtime loose his hold."↵-*The Dynasty of Winter Kings*
Tresserhorn Skyknight①Kjeldorans who fled battle were exiled to the wastes. Those who strayed near Tresserhorn were pressed into service in Haakon's army.
Trestle Troll①Unwelcome in Golgari colonies, he found his own dark place from which to represent the Swarm.
Treva's Attendant①"Treva is the voice of the ur-dragon, demanding cries of worship."
Trial of Solidarity①"You will succeed as one or fail as many."
Trial of Strength①"Instincts to guide. Strength to overcome."
Trial of Zeal①"Eternal glory awaits you, my child."
Triangle of War①The Zhalfirin war triangle represents a trinity of might, faith, and guile.
Triarch Stalker①"Scour this world of these impudent trespassers!"↵-Lord Traedrekkh of the Sekemtar Dynasty
Tribal Flames①"Fire is the universal language."↵-Jhoira, master artificer
Tribal Unity①Kamahl left the violence of his former life behind him, but he still believes in the power of muscle.
Tribute to Hunger①Marella was delighted. The ball had attracted so many suitors for her daughter, including that handsome stranger. She wondered where the two were now . . . .
Tribute to the Wild①"You may enter, but leave those lifeless things of your world behind."↵-Modruni, maro-sorcerer
Tricks of the Trade①"Pathetic. You might as well have protected your treasures with a paper box and some string."
Trickster Mage①"If it ain't broke, I'll break it. If it *is* broke, I'll fix it."
Trickster's Talisman①"Lady Luck, smile on me!"
Trigger Happy①Whenever you copy a triggered ability, you may do a little dance.
Trinisphere①"This exhibition of Nehra's Threshold Principle must be expropriated and examined for its potential applications in enforcement."↵-Confiscation directive
Trinisphere①Designed to restrain petty thoughts, but used to repress entire empires.
Trip Noose①A taut slipknot trigger is the only thing standing between you and standing.
Trip Wire①Trip wire, hooked poles, and sunken pits were commonly used to unhorse riders during the Three Kingdoms period.
Triskaidekaphile①She's always willing to lend a hand. It just won't be her own.
Triskelion①"Why do bad things always come in threes?"↵-Gisulf, expedition survivor
Triskelion①A brainchild of Tawnos, the Triskelion later proved both versatile and useful.
Triskelion①A brainchild of Tawnos, the Triskelion proved its versatility and usefulness in many of the later battles between the brothers.
Triton Cavalry①The tritons broke the surface, and the Nyxborn broke ranks.
Triton Fortune Hunter①"Thassa has blessed me with power and insight. I am careful not to disappoint her."
Triton Shorestalker①"Who will miss you, drywalker? A wife? A child? Perhaps they will blame the sea for your fate, and teach future generations to stay far away from it."
Triton Shorethief①At sunrise, the Champion and her companions awoke to find their supplies gone and Brygus, their sentry, dead. Carefully arranged piles of ornamental shells gave a clear warning: go no further.↵-*The Theriad*
Triton Waverider①"You can no more stop me than you can halt the tide."
Triumph of Cruelty①"I've seen corpses prettier than you, beastmage."↵-Liliana Vess
Triumph of Ferocity①"Rid me of this curse, witch, or die with me."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Triumph of the Hordes①I don't know how I got here, but I'l be the last one standing.
Triumphant Reckoning①"We have defied fate. Our destinies are our own."
Triumphant Reckoning①In a flash of a light and a burst of aether, despair turned to hope and defeat turned to victory.
Triumphant Surge①Not even death can quench a hero's inner fire.
Trokin High Guard①Battle tempers soldiers as fire tempers steel.
Troll Ascetic①It's no coincidence that the oldest trolls are also the angriest.
Troll-Horn Cameo①"I found a troll-horn fragment in the wooded foothills of Hurloon, and it keeps growing larger. I wonder, is the horn recreating itself or the troll?"↵-Isel, master carver
Trollbred Guardian①His favorite food is kraul.
Trolls of Tel-Jilad①"The secret of this world weighs upon us, and we have been shaped by time and duty to bear it."
Tromp the Domains①Ground into the footprints of the ravaging herd were clumps of salt from Benalia, moss from Llanowar, dust from Hurloon, and ash from as far as Urborg.
Trophy Mage①"The tools of the past will help us forge the future."
Tropical Island①2019 Europe Legacy Champion
Tropical Storm①"After the storm, I found a sea turtle dying on the sands, a blade of grass driven through its shell."↵-*Travelogue of Najat*
Trostani's Judgment①"Some cannot be saved as they are, but all can serve the Worldsoul."↵-Trostani
Trostani, Selesnya's Voice①There are no soloists in the chorus of Selesnya.
Troubled Healer①"Which is worse: nothing to defend, or no one to defend it?"
Troublesome Spirit①As erratic and turbulent as a summer squall.
Trove Tracker①The best treasures are the least shared.
Truce①"The people of Aysen feed us, and we don't kill them. That's my kind of truce."↵-Eron the Relentless
Truce①Not all victories require defeat.↵-Onean idiom
Trudge Garden①"Sure, trudges smell like soggy death, but the mushrooms on their backs are the tastiest delicacy in Sedgemoor!"↵-Gyome, Witherbloom chef
True Believer①So great is his certainty that mere facts cannot shake it.
True Conviction①"Heroism is more than a single act; it is hundreds of small decisions, made every day, in pursuit of a heroic cause."
True Conviction①Dozens of spells known only to the Auriok elders were lost, but the next generation, galvanized by war, devised even more potent magic.
True Love's Kiss①"Be careful, dear. Some people deserve their curses."↵-Marawen, barrow witch
True Polymorph①Maybe a little *too* convincing.
Trueheart Twins①Shoulder to shoulder until blade must turn against blade.
Trufflesnout①Its exploits are the stuff of legends among local chefs and fuel for nightmares among the forest thallids.
Trumpet Blast①"Do you hear that, Sarkhan? The glory of the horde! I made a legend from what you abandoned."↵-Zurgo, khan of the Mardu
Trumpet Blast①Keldon warriors don't need signals to tell them when to attack, but when to stop.
Trumpet Blast①Keldon warriors don't need signals to tell them when to attack. They need signals to tell them when to stop.
Trumpet Blast①The sound of the trumpets lights a fire in the hearts of the bold and snuffs the courage of the cowardly.
Trumpeting Armodon①These are its last days. But it will not go quietly.
Trumpeting Herd①An elephant never forgives.
Trusted Advisor①Some of Minamo's students claimed he was as old as the knowledge he dispensed.
Trusted Pegasus①"Would you give your life to save this world?" Gideon murmured. The pegasus snorted and spread wide its mighty wings.
Trustworthy Scout①"Don't worry. If you lose me I'll be right behind you."
Trusty Companion①It shows affection an automaton never could.
Trusty Machete①"Until this expedition is done, that blade is your guardian, your liberator, and your best friend all rolled into one."↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Trusty Packbeast①"Margaret has traveled with me to the end of the world and back."↵-Hewen Frit, merchant
Trusty Retriever①Wipe away the slobber and it's as good as new, give or take a few bite marks.
Trygon Predator①Held aloft by metabolized magic, trygons are ravenous for sources of mystic fuel.
Trygon Prime①The walls of the Necron tomb were unbreakable. The ground beneath it was not.
Tsabo Tavoc①"I might almost pity my enemies-if it wasn't so amusing to watch them die."
Tuinvale Treefolk①"Right now you are a feeble stick, but I will help you grow some rings."
Tukatongue Thallid①Jund's thallids tried to disguise their deliciousness by covering themselves in spines harvested from the tukatongue tree.
Tuknir Deathlock①An explorer of the Æther, Tuknir often discovers himself in the most unusual physical realms.
Tuktuk Grunts①Goblins are more aggressive with a crowd to cheer them on.
Tuktuk Rubblefort①As with everything else, goblins believe fortifications benefit from as many spiky bits as possible.
Tuktuk the Explorer①Remade by Eldrazi magic, Tuktuk inspired an entire clan of misguided goblins.
Tumble Magnet①Magnetic devices that keep massive golems and structures standing can also be used for the opposite purpose.
Tundra Fumarole①The only thing that smells worse than troll is burnt troll.
Tundra Kavu①A cross between a jaguar and an armadillo.
Tundra Wolves①"I heard their eerie howling, the wolves calling their kindred across the frozen plains."↵-Onean scout
Tundra Wolves①I heard their eerie howling, the wolves calling their kindred across the frozen plains.
Tundra①2015 Legacy Championship Winner
Tunnel Ignus①Fight mischief with mischief.
Tunneler Wurm①If an anurid's lucky, it'll find a warm tunnel for bedtime. If a wurm's lucky, it'll find a warm anurid for breakfast.
Tunneling Geopede①As Ulamog's brood reduces the earth to dust, geopedes burst from their tunnels in search of solid ground.
Tura Kennerud, Skyknight①"The sky is my birthright. I dare you to try and take it from me."
Turbulent Dreams①Laquatus dreams of seizing control.
Turf Wound①"I can't imagine how anyone lives in Shiv, let alone why they choose to stay."↵-Sisay
Turn Against①"No, don't! Nal, it's me-"
Turn Aside①"It's not my job to ask our leaders about their experiments at the Knowledge Pool. It's my job to make sure they can continue performing them."
Turn Aside①"There are tides beyond those in the sea that are driven by Innistrad's silver moon. If you learn their patterns, you can channel them in fascinating ways."↵-Tamiyo
Turn the Tables①"Your arrogance is my best weapon."
Turn the Tide①"Let their mindless armies come and face the might of genius."↵-Varil, Neurok partisan
Turn to Dust①Mirrodin's inhabitants must be prepared for anything-including suddenly being unprepared.
Turn to Frog①"Ribbit."
Turn to Mist①"Did you expect me to dodge? How quaint."↵-Olka, mistmeadow witch
Turn to Slag①"If it wasn't a blackened, stinking, melted abomination before, it certainly is now."↵-Koth of the Hammer
Turnabout①The best cure for a big ego is a little failure.
Turntimber Ascetic①"For so long, this land cried out in pain. Now, as the flow returns to its balance point, a new harmony echoes in the trees."
Turntimber Ranger①The lone wolf dies alone.
Turntimber Sower①"Zendikar's wounds can be healed."
Turntimber, Serpentine Wood①"The trees here twist around spikes of mana, feeding off the flowing power."↵-Jori En, expedition leader
Turret Ogre①Common Gruul career aspirations: berserker, shaman, catapult.
Turtleshell Changeling①A changeling involuntarily mimics the nearest being at hand, sometimes trading a borrowed shell for borrowed claws.
Tusk and Whiskers①Weighing in at a combined thirteen thousand pounds and two ounces.
Tusked Colossodon①A band of Temur hunters, fleeing the Mardu, dug a hideout beneath such a creature as it slept. The horde found them and attacked. For three days the Temur held them at bay, and all the while the great beast slumbered.
Tuskeri Firewalker①"Toralf blessed me with fire. I am worthy of Starnheim!"
Tuskguard Captain①One quiet word sets off the stampede.
Tuvasa the Sunlit①"My people have always been here, and here we shall remain."
Tuya Bearclaw①"Send in your cavalry! Diaglu loves horsemeat."
Twigwalker①"Break one in half and you'll get a decent-if gooey-pair of weapons."↵-Centaur warrior
Twilight Mire①As their roots soaked in a weak tea of bogwater and decay, the trees absorbed the essence of death into their living tissue.
Twilight Panther①A pet that can hunt both flesh and spirit is precious in a place where smiling assassins keep company with ghostly shadows.
Twilight's Call①Twilight falls. We rise.↵-Necropolis inscription
Twin Bolt①Kolaghan archers are trained in Dakla, the way of the bow. They utilize their dragonlord's lightning to strike their target, no matter how small, how fast, or how far away.
Twin-Silk Spider①A forest-wide network of webs brings a hungry couple to captured prey.
Twinblade Assassins①Rumors swirl of a pair of deadly Golgari assassins known only as the Left and Right Hands of the Ochran.
Twinblade Geist①She faced down a howlpack alone, saving her town at the cost of her life.
Twinblade Invocation①Since her passing, many more travelers have made it home alive.
Twinblade Slasher①Righteous anger hones a humble soul.
Twincast①Imitation is the most dangerous form of flattery.
Twincast①Sometimes you have to search for inspiration, and sometimes it's right there in front of you.
Twinferno①"More fire?" Jaya asked.↵"More fire," Jodah agreed.
Twinning Glass①It takes two to craft a mirror: a practiced metalsmith to silver one side and her own hazy reflection to polish the other.
Twins of Maurer Estate①"Children, where are your parents?"↵-Reig, wandering monk, last words
Twinscroll Shaman①"May your wretched name never grace the annals of history, you ignorant buffoon!"
Twinshot Sniper①"Pierce the heart and pierce the head, even the mightiest fall down dead."
Twinstrike①They're dying left and right.
Twisted Embrace①Evil kami are drawn to mortals who share their grim fascinations.
Twisted Experiment①Gatha showed remarkable prowess in increasing his subjects' stature. Their lifespans, however, were another matter.
Twisted Image①"True strength is in the mind, for the body is too malleable a form."↵-Politus, vedalken emisar
Twisted Justice①In Otiev's mind, he ruled in favor of the accused. But in his courtroom he was only a spectator, watching his hand deliver the sign of death.
Twitch①"The flow is diverted. Your path is clear. What are you waiting for-the cave to bid you welcome?"↵-Maizah Shere, Tazeem lullmage
Twitch①Battles are won in nuance.
Two-Headed Cerberus①The left head keeps the right head starved as motivation to track new prey.
Two-Headed Giant of Foriys①None know if this Giant is the result of aberrant magics, Siamese twins, or a mentalist's schizophrenia.
Two-Headed Giant①He watches the pass in both directions, and all must pay his toll.
Two-Headed Hellkite①Eons ago, the ur-dragon roared. Its descendants still carry the echo across the Multiverse.
Two-Headed Sliver①"That which would be a fatal mutation in any other species is merely a source of new powers. I am intrigued, yet too fearful to examine it more closely."↵-Rukarumel, field journal
Two-Headed Zombie①"Thread the torsos together with angel hair to ensure they will cooperate in battle."↵-*The Stitcher's Tome*
Tymaret, the Murder King①His memories remained in the Underworld, but his cruelty crossed the Rivers with him.
Tymora's Invoker①"May Lady Luck smile upon you some other day, pal."
Typhoid Rats①Kidnappers caught in Havengul are given two choices: languish in prison or become rat catchers. The smart ones go to prison.
Typhoid Rats①When Tasigur sent his ambassadors to the Abzan outpost, the true envoys were not the naga but the infectious rats they carried with them.
Typhoon①Fierce winds ripped across the tropical landscape. What they did not destroy with their fiery breath was washed away by torrential rain.
Tyranid Invasion①By the time the Blood Angels descended from the heavens, Phodia was a city transformed. Miles of flesh-filled rivers fed into the central digestion pools and up into the hive fleet above.
Tyrannize①"I can stab you where it hurts, or where you will feel absolutely nothing."↵-Illulia of Nighthearth
Tyrant's Familiar①Nothing escapes its gaze-or its breath.
Tyrant's Machine①"Though tempered differently, all wills can be broken."↵-Inquisitor Kyrik
Tyrant's Scorn①"The hero with the magic sword slays the dragon? Not this time."↵-Nicol Bolas
Tyrranax①It outnumbers you one to many.
Tzaangor Shaman①Tzeentch's beastmen twist reality as they themselves are twisted.
Ubul Sar Gatekeepers①There are many gates into the undercity, but few ways out.
Ugin's Construct①While trapping the Eldrazi on Zendikar, Ugin learned little from Sorin, but he gleaned the rudiments of lithomancy from Nahiri.
Ugin's Insight①"You speak to me of the threat of Ulamog. But do not forget: they came as three."↵-Ugin, to Jace Beleren
Ugin's Nexus①All at once Sarkhan's mind fell silent.
Uktabi Efreet①"The Uktabi efreet and I have something in common: both of our mothers wanted to give us back."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Uktabi Faerie①Victim of the two-toed faerie↵-Suq'Ata expression meaning "broken"
Uktabi Kong①"I desire the acquisition of a potassium-rich fruit comestible of *substantial* magnitude."
Uktabi Orangutan①"Is it true that the apes wear furs of gold when they marry?"↵-Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Ukud Cobra①"The Silumgar hide behind the deadly wildlife of their swamps. They'd rather scheme in their jungle palaces than face us."↵-Khibat, Kolaghan warrior
Ulamog's Crusher①"Ulamog is dead, and his brood is dying. Some of them just don't know it yet."↵-Nirthu, lone missionary
Ulamog's Crusher①"Whatever the Eldrazi's purpose is, it has nothing to do with something so insignificant as us."↵-Nirthu, lone missionary
Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger①A force as voracious as time itself.
Ulcerate①"If it were merely lethal, that would be sufficient. The art, however, is in maximizing the suffering it causes."↵-Liliana Vess
Ulrich's Kindred①"I am not its master. We are of the same pack."↵-Ulrich, Krallenhorde alpha
Ultimate Price①"He's paid his price. Now you pay mine."
Ultimate Price①"Let him be an example to others who would default on their debts to us."↵-"The Cozen," Orzhov assassin
Ultimate Price①"The realization that one is dying is far more terrifying than death itself."↵-Sidisi, Silumgar vizier
Ulvenwald Abomination①"The Eldrazi are all too practiced at twisting natural into unnatural."↵-Nissa Revane
Ulvenwald Bear①Out chasing bears↵-Kessig expression meaning "died in the woods"
Ulvenwald Behemoth①"We've learned enough! I say we run."↵-Alena, Kessig trapper
Ulvenwald Captive①"Even on a plane as dark as this one, nature will organize a defense against the unnatural."↵-Nissa Revane
Ulvenwald Mystics①"With this ritual, we cast aside our fragile humanity . . ."
Ulvenwald Observer①"I tell you, the trees were closing in! It's by the grace of the Heron alone that I made it out of the Ulvenwald!"↵-Ricton, traveling merchant
Ulvenwald Oddity①"Obviously it's dangerous, but I've never seen anything like it. This could be an entirely new species! I say we follow it."↵-Halana, Kessig ranger
Ulvenwald Primordials①". . . and embrace the ancient ferocity of the undying Wild."
Ulvenwald Tracker①"Peace will come to Innistrad, but only after all abominations have been dealt with, one by one."
Umara Entangler①"Sea Gate is gone, the Halimar basin empty. But rebuild the seawall and give these waters time, and they will fill the basin anew."
Umara Mystic①"We tolerate the North Hada thieves' den, but cutthroats who wander downriver earn a skymanta ride out to sea."
Umara Raptor①Messenger, weapon, friend.
Umara Skyfalls①"The source of the Umara River sits high above Oran-Rief, ever weeping on the jungle below."↵-Ko Dari, expedition wizard
Umara Wizard①"You see a waterfall. I see a way up."↵-Ko Dari, expedition wizard
Umbilicus①It was the explorers' only tether to reality.
Umbra Mystic①"I have found the courage to face death-twice, if I must."
Umbra Stalker①Don't venture into the darkness, lest it decide not to let you leave.
Umbral Juke①The sport of Mage Tower was conceived as a playful testing ground for young spellcasters.
Umbral Mantle①It harnesses the power of night in a land where daylight fears to show itself.
Umezawa's Charm①"Be ever loyal to your own best interests."
Unbender Tine①Creations made in madness may contain great power. The path to that power is as labyrinthine as the creator's mind.
Unblinking Observer①"Day 77: The homunculus within the crystal continues to mimic my every movement. I wonder what they are writing?"↵-Laboratory notes of Yzlkpk
Unbreakable Bond①From now until the crystals stop glowing↵-Ketria oath meaning "forever"
Unbridled Growth①"If the Consulate has abandoned restraint, so too shall the wilds."↵-Surash, keeper of the Cowl
Unburden①"Ambition requires clarity. If you have any doubts, they must be abandoned."↵-Bontu, god of ambition
Unburden①Cabal initiates enter training full of hopes and fears. They graduate with neither.
Unburial Rites①All crave the Blessed Sleep. Few receive it.
Uncage the Menagerie①The destruction of Rhonas's monument released his collection upon the city.
Uncaged Fury①"It's right to fear those that you keep locked away."↵-Rahilda, Vildin-Pack alpha
Uncaged Fury①The cage is a crucible for the rage that builds inside, refining it into something pure and terrible.
Uncanny Speed①"To survive, we must embrace the savagery we knew in our race's infancy."↵-Edgar Markov
Unchained Berserker①Sathros turned his restraints to revenge.
Uncharted Haven①Untouched by mortal or kami, unspoiled by their wars.
Unchecked Growth①"That energy was once granted to growing things. Now the kami keep it for themselves, releasing it in sudden floods that overwhelm flesh and foliage alike."↵-Sakiko, Mother of Summer
Uncle Istvan①Solitude drove the old hermit insane. Now he only keeps company with those he can catch.
Uncomfortable Chill①The cold slowed their movements until only their panicked eyeballs swiveled beneath the ice.
Uncontrollable Anger①A barbarian's heart pounds with the fury of a prisoner, threatening at any moment to break the bars of its cage.
Uncontrollable Anger①To an akki warrior, gravity is the direction of the nearest unsmashed face.
Uncontrolled Infestation①The grounds of the Riptide Project are now populated only by slivers, broken beakers, and the lonely screeching of gulls.
Uncovered Clues①The Implicit Maze winds through Ravnica, connecting arcane landmarks of all ten guilds.
Undead Augur①"To see past the veil of death, cross it."↵-*The Red Book of Mezdrithalik*
Undead Executioner①Heartless killer in life, brainless killer in death.
Undead Gladiator①The Cabal loves encores.
Undead Minotaur①"The work that went into creating this magnificent specimen. Horrific, deadly, well-balanced. Not all necromancers do elegant work like this."↵-Lestin, necromancer
Undead Servant①"Get up. You're not finished yet."↵-Liliana Vess
Undead Servant①"There are always more like you."↵-Modriss of Zargoth Fen
Undead Slayer①"My motive is not vengeance but mercy. I deliver the soulless back to their severed souls."
Undead Warchief①It has the strength of seven men. In fact, it used to be seven men.
Undercellar Myconid①Water, barley, yeast, darkness-the tavern cellar had everything a growing mold could need.
Undercity Informer①"Scandal and slander are never welcome news. That's why I'm never the messenger."
Undercity Necrolisk①In its territory, living is an affront.
Undercity Scavenger①"We grow strong by feasting on failure."↵-Izoni
Undercity Scrounger①"That will pay for another arm extension all by itself! Well, as long as it doesn't explode."
Undercity Shade①"Officially, there's nothing under that bridge to hunt . . . . Unofficially, my torchers are too terrified to go there after nightfall."↵-Agrus Kos
Undercity Uprising①"Now it's your turn to hide."↵-Vraska
Undercity's Embrace①The undercity is always hungry.
Underdark Basilisk①"See how the statues all have chunks bitten out of them? We're dealing with a basilisk, or I'm a froghemoth."↵-Larissa Kyriln, learned warlock
Underdark Explorer①"Keep your fancy magic. All I need is a hook and a sturdy length of rope."
Underdome①In that battleground of a ring, the rules aren't nearly so black and white.
Underground Sea①2016 European Legacy Champion
Undergrowth Scavenger①It sees a rotting carcass as a good wine which has been aged properly.
Undergrowth Stadium①To get to Valor's Reach, competitors must first make a name for themselves in the smaller arenas.
Undergrowth①"It is the work of sorcery. Burn it!"↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Undergrowth①"The art of war is turning obstacle to advantage."↵-Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Undermine①"Which would you like first, the insult or the injury?"
Underrealm Lich①"You've strayed, overworlder."
Undersea Invader①"The currents are strange today, and the fish are fearful. Something's stirring in the depths."↵-Rathstaf, Kannah fisherman
Undertaker①The weight of death is heavy but not immovable.
Underworld Coinsmith①Coins of the Underworld are shaped from clay funerary masks.
Underworld Connections①If you're looking for it, it's available. The question is how much you're willing to pay.
Underworld Dreams①"In the drowsy dark cave of the mind dreams build their nest with fragments dropped from day's caravan." -Rabindranath Tagore
Underworld Dreams①"In the drowsy dark cave of the mind, dreams build their nest with fragments dropped from day's caravan."↵-Rabindranath Tagore
Underworld Dreams①Dreams are just one more form of torment.
Underworld Fires①The Underworld is anything but a resting place.
Underworld Hermit①Mood: He's the Pied Piper of squirrels.
Underworld Hermit①Some souls yearn to escape death. Others are content to feed the wildlife.
Underworld Sentinel①Deathless soldiers called phylaskia guard the borders of the Underworld.
Undiscovered Paradise①Jolrael's choice of homes was far better than her choice of allies.
Undo①"Oft have I wished to undo past deeds, but never did I imagine they would be undone for me."↵-Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Undying Evil①"Is it true the evil that people do follows them into death? Let's find out."↵-Liliana Vess
Undying Malice①Few take kindly to being put in their place, especially if their place is the grave.
Undying Rage①Radha was born in Skyshroud, but her temper is undeniably Keldon.
Unearthly Blizzard①"We are trapped. The mountains and blinding kami storms have made us hopelessly lost. We are starving. In the name of all things sacred, please, send help . . . ."↵-Lost Battalion, final message to General Takeno
Unearth①Don't dig up the past if you're not prepared for the consequences.
Unearth①No matter how deep you bury it, some evil refuses to stay dead.
Unexpected Fangs①"With the frequent mutations, predator-prey relationships seem to change every moment. I already like it here."↵-Vivien Reid
Unexpected Windfall①Fortune favors the fortunate.
Unexpectedly Absent①Once you've been dragged down the currents of time, you'll never quite trust your own permanence again.
Unexplained Disappearance①The first thing the mist chills is the mind. Victims never cry out or even murmur in surprise.
Unexplained Vision①Rowan and Will exchanged a baffled glance. Could the stag in the vision lead them to their father?
Unflinching Courage①As Trostani's influence grew, vitality spread through the Conclave-much to the other guilds' dismay.
Unforge①Compared to the fire of the forge, the strength of steel is nothing.
Unfriendly Fire①Disputes within the Brazen Coalition can escalate from insult to broadside in the blink of an eye.
Unfulfilled Desires①"Like Day from Night, / I'll live my life apart from you, just glimpsing you across the sky, / because you cannot change, my dear, and nor can I."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Unhallowed Cathar①"Just fight without fear. Your soul is protected by the hand of Avacyn and will never submit to evil."↵-Thalia, to Constable Visil
Unhallowed Pact①Agreements with demons seldom end at the grave.
Unhallowed Phalanx①"In case any of you new recruits were wondering, this is why we don't use mass graves anymore."↵-Kerren of the Mausoleum Guards
Unhinge①"Don't let your mind wander-it might not come back."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Unholy Fiend①The fiend tormented them by recounting the girl's memories, as if some part of her remained inside that twisted shell.
Unholy Heat①"The devils use fire. Why shouldn't we?"
Unholy Hunger①Liliana viewed the attention of the angels as a testament to her power. Even so, they were an annoyance.
Unholy Indenture①"Don't think of it as selling your soul. It's more like you're bequeathing it to me."↵-Vilis, Broker of Blood
Unholy Officiant①"Is this twisted ceremony simply a mockery of the human rite, or has Olivia fallen for her own charade?"↵-Sorin Markov
Unholy Strength①"Born under the moon, the second child will stumble on temptation and seek power in the dark places of the heart."↵-Codex of the Constellari
Unholy Strength①"I don't *feel* any different."
Unholy Strength①Such power grows the body as it shrinks the soul.
Unified Front①The kor's pride in their independence has given way to a strong sense of community that embraces all of Zendikar.
Unified Strike①The tall, reedy grass of the Daru Plains rustles loudly in the winds, a perfect cover for any ambush.
Unified Will①"We're glad to be of service-to be an audience to your failure."↵-Maizah Shere, Tazeem lullmage
Unifying Theory①Scribbles of a lunatic and formulas of a genius are often indistinguishable.
Unimpeded Trespasser①Knocking was simply a formality.
Uninvited Geist①A slow knock at midnight is best left unanswered.
Unity of Purpose①Faced with the novel problem of inspiring an army, Jace asked himself: "What would Gideon say?"
Universal Automaton①"Within minutes, the strange device was indistinguishable from the other on my workbench."↵-Tocasia, journal entry
Universal Solvent①"A few drops of this, and the trickiest problems simply melt away."↵-Thamaz, Weldfast inventor
Universal Solvent①A few drops could dissolve the webs of Lolth herself.
Universal Surveillance①Few outside the Saiba Futurists know the true extent of their data-extraction network.
Unknown Shores①"Callaphe gazed on the coastline,↵certain her destiny called her↵here, where the mist-shrouded rocks sang,↵promising glories undreamed of."↵-*The Callapheia*
Unknown Shores①"Just imagine what's waiting around the bend. Adventure. Discovery. Riches for the taking. This is why I sail."↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Unknown Shores①Kozilek's presence warped the land, stripping away layer after layer.
Unknown Shores①Philosophers speak of a place where myths wash like tides upon the shores of the real.
Unlawful Entry①"Glaxxar, Security Bot 254 has wandered off. After lunch, throw on a spacesuit and go find it."↵-Truss, chief engineer
Unlawful Entry①"Glaxxar, Security Bot 254 has wandered off. After lunch, throw on a spacesuit and go find it."↵-Truss, chief engineer.
Unleash Fury①Might doesn't make right, but it does win the fight.
Unlicensed Disintegration①"I'd stand back if I were you."
Unlikely Aid①"I appreciate you not letting me fall to my death in the acid bogs. Now, can you let me down?"
Unlikely Aid①"No one will ever ride me again, Gideon. Expect no further favors."↵-Rakdos
Unlikely Alliance①"Strange alliances are alliances still, and provide the same protection."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Unliving Psychopath①"The victim bears the marks of the 'Ktozok Impaler'. . . but he was executed years ago!"↵-Gorev Hadszak, Wojek investigator
Unlucky Witness①The guard took a midnight shift to earn a promotion. Unfortunately, so did the assassin.
Unmake the Graves①"I'm raising an army. Any volunteers?"
Unmake①A gwyllion's favorite trap is the vanity mirror. A bewitched piece of glass traps the looker's soul and does away with the body.
Unmarked Grave①"I'm sure they were once someone important, but I couldn't tell you who they were."↵-Doros, expedition guide
Unmoored Ego①A well-chosen word can restore a mind or snap its tethers.
Unnatural Aggression①The battle served as a grim reminder of what a final victory for the Eldrazi would mean.
Unnatural Endurance①"Eldrazi don't die easy. Sometimes they don't die at all."↵-Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Unnatural Growth①With the cycles of day and night unspooled, the twisted sway of the moon only grew. And grew.
Unnatural Predation①"Domination by the strongest-that is all that matters in the Tangle now."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Unnatural Selection①What nature makes, magic can modify.
Unnatural Speed①"How can we hope to match the speed of lightning? The fury of storms? The power of mountains? The answer is simple. We cannot. I advise against this war."↵-Sensei Hisoka, letter to Lord Konda
Unnerve①"If fear is the only tool you have left, then you'll never control me."↵-Xantcha, to Gix
Unnerving Assault①The scales of battle rarely balance.
Unquestioned Authority①"Only the Ancestor should be revered."↵-Mystic heretic
Unquestioned Authority①After Gideon cleansed the Ninth District, none of the ganglords challenged the Boros.
Unravel the Aether①Thaumaturges of Theros have learned to weave their magic into the world around them, but it can be pulled apart strand by strand.
Unraveling Mummy①"We are no longer in control."↵-Elekh, vizier of embalming
Unruly Mob①"Those who aren't welcome will know it!"↵-Kolman, elder of Gatstaf
Unruly Mob①"We survived the Travails! Killer angels! Horrors from beyond the moon! Now some big werewolves think they can scare us? Let 'em try."
Unruly Mob①"Who says werewolves are the only ones who can hunt as a pack?"↵-Kolman, elder of Gatstaf
Unseen Walker①"To pass through the jungle: silence, courtesy, ferocity, as the occasion demands."↵-Kamau, "Proper Passage"
Unsettled Mariner①The call of the sea shapes many souls.
Unspeakable Symbol①The symbols are spread throughout Aphetto, marking sites where minions of the Raven Guild and the Cabal can seek refuge.
Unstable Footing①A long way down is shorter than you think.
Unstable Frontier①The goblins went to sleep in Jund and awoke in Grixis. They'd never seen a zombie before. They would never see one again.
Unstable Obelisk①"It's a lifeless ruin of some long-lost race. What is there to fear?"↵-Commissar Gadholm
Unstable Obelisk①Its collapse is like the lashing out of a long-dead civilization that resents being forgotten.
Unstable Shapeshifter①"In a world of untruths, the living lie rules."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Unstoppable Ogre①Touma never met a door he didn't hate.
Unsubstantiate①"Nicely done, Jace. You always were good at disappearing acts."↵-Liliana Vess
Unsummon①"Don't you have somewhere else to be?"↵-Sharuum the Hegemon
Unsummon①"It's nothing personal. I'd just prefer if you weren't."↵-Ashurel, voidmage
Unsummon①"Send it back to its own strange world so we can avoid another inglorious combat with these wicked beings."↵-Captain Valek of Jhess
Unsummon①"You're trespassing in my reality. Ask permission next time."↵-Simun the Quiet
Unsummon①Mages routinely summon creatures from the Æther. It's only fair that they occasionally throw one back.
Unsummon①Not to be. That is the answer.
Unsummon①Skills mastered by initiates are preserved within cartouches, so Eternals remain adept at their preferred combat styles.
Unsummon①Tolarian apprentices learn to liberate Ætheric energy long before they are taught to bind it.
Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper①Untaidake is the needle that weaves the fabric of creation.
Untamed Hunger①"Mindlessness is not weakness. When we are lost to hunger we are unstoppable."↵-Drana, Kalastria bloodchief
Untamed Might①"Beasts kill for their very survival. If you would have their strength, you must know their desperation."↵-Konnos, Sylvok sage
Untamed Wilds①No forest is so remote that the elves don't know its secrets.
Untethered Express①Rules and rails are made to be broken.
Unwilling Ingredient①"Don't look at me like that. It was either this or being eaten by a groff."↵-Dina, Witherbloom mage-student
Unwilling Recruit①Frorn didn't want to be kept, but he didn't want to be thrown back either.
Unwinding Clock①"The partisans have unearthed a strange artifact. None know its origin, but it gives them hope of a life beyond."↵-Elspeth's journal
Unwind①"A problem is only a problem if you don't have the tools to correct it."↵-Jhoira
Unworthy Dead①"Great Yawgmoth moves across the seas of shard and bone and rust. We exalt him in life, in death, and in between."↵-*Phyrexian Scriptures*
Unyaro Bee Sting①"Much can be learned from the bees about dying for a cause."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Unyaro Bees①With no jungle left to contain it, the "plague of daggers" spread across Dominaria.
Unyaro Griffin①The griffin's shadow gives courage to the righteous and dread to the idle.
Unyielding Krumar①"The man whom I call father killed the orc who sired me, offering his world and his blade in return."
Updraft Elemental①"It slips through the smallest cracks in the mountain, emerging whole and unfettered. There is nowhere it cannot go, for what can hold back the air itself?"↵-Chanyi, Ojutai monk
Updraft①"Come one, come all! this rock shall fly From its firm base as soon as I."↵-Sir Walter Scott, "The Lady of the Lake"
Updraft①"The power of flight has but one equal in battle: surprise. Understanding how to use both is the key to victory."↵-Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Upheaval①The calm comes after the storm.
Uphill Battle①Cho-Manno knew he had no choice but to ally with Gerrard. If that's what it took to free his people, he'd pay the price.
Upriser Renegade①"My streets, my rules. You picked the wrong neighborhood for a fight."
Uproot①"We arrived at the battlefield too late. *Again*. Another error on your part, and you will have to answer to me personally."↵-General Takeno, letter to the imperial mapmaker
Upwelling①Freyalise promised a dawn that would never end, a day of limitless life. As many dread her promise as revere it.
Upwelling①Once again, Kamahl felt the full force of the Mirari's pull, but he had learned much since the last time.
Ur-Golem's Eye①It still stares accusingly at Memnarch, though millennia have passed since he separated the eye from its body.
Ur-Golem's Eye①Ur-golems once dominated the plane. Even now, they maintain a deep connection to it.
Urabrask the Hidden①When the Mirran resistance arrived, the furnace dwellers looked to Urabrask for guidance. His decree stunned the others: "Let them be."
Urban Burgeoning①The ruins of Old Prahv became a wildspace, although all birdsong was silenced by lingering Azorius magic.
Urban Daggertooth①Stop, smell the roses, eat the peoples.
Urban Evolution①As the Simic released more of their krasis experiments, they required new habitats, always at the expense of the locals.
Urban Utopia①Ravnica's diversity produces blossoms of opinion in a rich soil of perspectives.
Urbis Protector①"Guilds be damned. We can fend for ourselves."↵-Vennick of the Gateless
Urbis Protector①"I hear that Boros is losing its angels to the Gateless Movement. I'm sure this comes as no surprise to you."↵-Teysa, to Lazav
Urborg Drake①Relentless as the sea, remorseless as death.
Urborg Elf①The elves of Urborg are as deadly and capricious as the swamp itself.
Urborg Justice①"It is a narrow line between justice and vengeance."↵-Crovax
Urborg Mindsucker①"My pet will pick the ripe fruit from your tortured brain as if it were hanging from a vine."↵-Kaervek
Urborg Phantom①A chilling fog with teeth of ice.
Urborg Shambler①A writhing mass of rot, with sharp claws and a vicious spirit.
Urborg Stalker①"May you be a stalker's dream."↵-Urborg curse
Urborg Syphon-Mage①"I have become a gourmet of sorts. Each soul has its own distinctive flavor. The art is in inviting the right company to the feast."
Urborg Uprising①In Urborg, few things are less permanent than death.
Urborg Volcano①Deep in the heart of Urborg lie massive volcanoes whose thick black smoke covers the land with perpetual darkness.
Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth①"Yawgmoth's corpse is a wound in the universe. His foul blood seeps out, infecting the land with his final curse."↵-Lord Windgrace
Urborg①"Resignedly beneath the sky/The melancholy waters lie./So blend the turrets and shadows there/That all seem pendulous in air,/While from a proud tower in town/Death looks gigantically down." -Edgar Allan Poe, "The City in the Sea"
Urborg①"Resignedly beneath the sky/The melancholy waters lie./So blend the turrets and shadows there/That all seem pendulous in air,/While from a proud tower in town/Death looks gigantically down."↵-Edgar Allan Poe, "The City in the Sea"
Urgent Exorcism①"To show geists pity is to prolong their agonies. Whether they know it or not, they seek the Blessed Sleep, and we are to give it to them."↵-Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Urgoros, the Empty One①As the phantom flies overhead, the city of Vhelnish screams in silence.
Uril, the Miststalker①It strides through the whitecover, mists in which even gargantuans can hide.
Ursapine①A friendly ursapine means a constant supply of sharp spears. An unfriendly one means a constant supply of small holes.
Ursine Champion①"Would you rather feel the edge of blade or the sharpness of my fangs?"
Urza's Armor①"Tawnos's blueprints were critical to the creation of my armor. As he once sealed himself in steel, I sealed myself in a walking crypt."↵-Urza
Urza's Armor①Urza protected his body well, but neglected his soul.
Urza's Avenger①Unable to settle on just one design, Urza decided to create one versatile being.
Urza's Blueprints①From concept to paper to reality.
Urza's Chalice①When sorely wounded or tired, Urza would often retreat to the workshops of his apprentices. They were greatly amazed at how much better he looked each time he took a sip of water.
Urza's Engine①"Humans and machines working together can be fearsome indeed!"↵-Arcum Dagsson
Urza's Factory①"Though their ideals are leagues apart, Urza's and Mishra's creations have a surprising harmony with one another."↵-Tocasia, journal entry
Urza's Filter①"It's a tool for aiding my other tools," explained Urza. "Now they'll work in harmony."
Urza's Guilt①Deep in Yawgmoth's realm, Urza stopped dead in his tracks and rubbed his soot-filled eyes. "Mishra?"
Urza's Hot Tub①www.wizards.com/hottub
Urza's Incubator①"Stop thinking like an artificer, Urza, and start thinking like a father!"↵-Rayne, Academy Chancellor
Urza's Incubator①"Stop thinking like an artificer, Urza, and start thinking like a father!"↵-Rayne, chancellor of the Tolarian Academy
Urza's Mine①In his hunger for power and knowledge, Urza dug deep into Dominaria's ancient past.
Urza's Mine①Mines became common as cities during the days of the artificers.
Urza's Power Plant①Artifact construction required immense resources.
Urza's Power Plant①Artifact construction requires immense resources.
Urza's Power Plant①Urza threw himself into his research, pushing the boundaries of both possibility and morality.
Urza's Ruinous Blast①Centuries ago, one man's vengeance plunged the world into ice and darkness.
Urza's Tome①"Truly understanding even one volume can be a life's work."↵-Naru Meha, master wizard
Urza's Tower①Urza always put Tocasia's lessons on resource-gathering to effective use.
Urza's Tower①Urza studied the creations of the Thran not simply to learn from them, but to surpass them.
Urza①An artificer of unparalleled renown, Urza was a powerful cipher even before he was able to planeswalk. Seeing the world as a large, integrated machine is his greatest strength and weakness, enabling him to solve almost any problem but blinding him to his solutions' effects on others.
Usher of the Fallen①"I have led ten thousand through these mists and never lost the way."
Usher to Safety①Not all heroes carry swords.
Uthden Troll①"Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near, Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh 'n da hurt'll disappear." -Traditional
Uthden Troll①"Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere, Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near, Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh 'n da hurt'll disappear." -Traditional
Uthden Troll①"Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere, Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near, Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh 'n da hurt'll disappear."↵-Troll chant
Uthden Troll①"Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere↵Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near,↵Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh 'n da hurt'll disappear." -Traditional
Utility Knife①"Hold on a second, I have just the thing."
Utopia Tree①The fruit of this fabled tree takes on the flavor of whatever food you love most.
Utopia Vow①"I'll guard this fruit and its seedling until the land is healed. My life now belongs to Dominaria."
Utter End①"I came seeking a challenge. All I found was you."↵-Zurgo, khan of the Mardu
Utter End①"Target eradicated. That which burns shall never be blessed."↵-Fusilave unit Tor-213
Utvara Hellkite①The fear of dragons is as old and as powerful as the fear of death itself.
Utvara Scalper①He wages war wherever the wind carries him.
Vagrant Plowbeasts①Plowbeasts of Naya escaped their harnesses in droves, content to snack on the conveniently cultivated fields of Eos and Valeron.
Valakut Awakening①"My ancestors reshaped the world to their vision. I have a few ideas of my own."↵-Tars Olan, stoneforge mystic
Valakut Fireboar①"Just move very slowly, and for the love of Ula, do not get it mad."↵-Chadir the Navigator
Valakut Invoker①"As long as we have walked this world, we have known it as a harsh and unforgiving place."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Valakut Predator①"Whatever volcanoes dream of, it seems like they always wake up grumpy."↵-Raff Slugeater, goblin shortcutter
Valakut Stoneforge①"I can hear the echo of their hammers, long stilled."↵-Tars Olan, stoneforge mystic
Valduk, Keeper of the Flame①The hammer strikes. The Flame awakens.
Valeron Outlander①After years of honing her philosophy in debate with stubborn rhoxes, Niella was ready to convert any heathen.
Valiant Endeavor①"Only victory shall stop our charge!"
Valiant Guard①As the outsiders invaded Bant, soldiers who once saw sigils as the highest marks of glory began to see the scars of battle as tokens of equal worth.
Valiant Knight①"Defeat is no reason for retreat. It is a sign we must redouble our efforts to win this fight."
Valiant Rescuer①The floating city of Skysail has two rules: don't leave your crewmates behind, and don't mess with the guardrails.
Valiant Veteran①"Let them come. We will show them that Argivian steel is stronger than any Phyrexian metal."
Valkyrie Harbinger①Where she flies, the Light of Starnheim shines.
Valley Dasher①Mardu riders' greatest fear is that a battle might end before their weapons draw blood.
Valleymaker①Their home uprooted by a giant, the gang of boggarts mourned their old stomping ground.
Valor Made Real①"As my father taught, 'Training will raise your shield to the blow, but courage fills the gaps the shield leaves open.'"
Valor Singer①"There is only one way forward: into legend."
Valor in Akros①There's no stronger armor than the bravery of those beside you.
Valor in Akros①They became a single entity, a phalanx in the Temple of Triumph standing against a host of enemies.
Valor of the Worthy①"If I am to die, let it be a hero's death!"
Valorous Charge①Stand in the way of truth at your peril.
Valorous Stance①"Every choice alters the path of fate."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Valorous Steed①A unicorn chooses only the most virtuous and noble of knights to be its companion.
Valor①"The cracks widened, the shell crumbled, and Valor spread throughout the land."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Vampire Aristocrat①"I admit, I am a creature of the city. The sights, the nightly excitement, the abundance of fine drink . . ."
Vampire Bats①"For something is amiss or out of place / When mice with wings can wear a human face."↵-Theodore Roethke, "The Bat"
Vampire Bats①"For something is amiss or out of place When mice with wings can wear a human face."↵-Theodore Roethke, "The Bat"
Vampire Bats①"For something is amiss or out of place/ When mice with wings can wear a human face." -Theodore Roethke, "The Bat"
Vampire Champion①"These pirates must answer for their ancestors, who renounced the Church of Dusk and sailed from Torrezon as heretics."
Vampire Cutthroat①Not all monsters have tentacles.
Vampire Envoy①"Zendikar will fight until it has bled its last."
Vampire Hexmage①When the blood hunt lost its thrill, she looked for less tangible means of domination.
Vampire Hounds①The hounds' barks are a horrifying chorus of screams, moans, and whispers.
Vampire Interloper①He listens to every heartbeat, deciding which one of hundreds he will stop.
Vampire Interloper①The Voldaren have begun demanding blood offerings from the villagers in their territory. Their agents arrive from the sky to collect the ceremonial bowls in eerie silence.
Vampire Lacerator①The lacerators cut themselves before each hunt. They must feed before the sun rises or bleed to death.
Vampire Neonate①One day, they may be paragons of deadly elegance. For the moment, they possess nothing but thirst.
Vampire Nighthawk①As they fought the Eldrazi, many vampires learned to live among humans. Others were unable to make the adjustment.
Vampire Noble①"No emergency is so dire that it cannot be dealt with elegantly."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Vampire Nocturnus①"Your life will set with the sun."
Vampire Opportunist①"I think I cracked a fang."
Vampire Outcasts①Some vampires reject the decadent trappings of their kind. Once they turn feral, no amount of blood will satisfy their hunger.
Vampire Revenant①"A thick fog obscures the port of Leor, but it's not thick enough to muffle the screams."↵-Admiral Beckett Brass
Vampire Scrivener①No one remains on her list for long.
Vampire Slayer①When Kaya saved her village, Berit realized even vampires could be killed. When she brought one down herself, she realized she had found her calling.
Vampire Sovereign①"Your service shall be rewarded."↵-Queen Lian
Vampire Spawn①Unsuccessful vampire hunters often wind up as ravenous spawn.
Vampire Warlord①"How can you serve me? By dying."
Vampire of the Dire Moon①"This place suits me: craven authorities and plentiful prey."
Vampire's Kiss①Young vampires gorge themselves at every meal, but their elders have learned to savor the smallest bite.
Vampire's Zeal①The Feast of Blood sends new life essence flowing through the vampire who partakes, manifesting as even greater strength and speed.
Vampires' Vengeance①Olivia was quick to make an example of any village that refused to pay her blood tithe.
Vampires' Vengeance①She was ghastly, chalkily pale; the red seemed to have gone even from her lips and gums, and the bones of her face stood out prominently; her breathing was painful to see or hear.
Vampiric Feast①It's not always gold the thief is after.
Vampiric Fury①Many peasants secretly admire vampires' glamour and elegance-until they witness a moment of pure bloodlust.
Vampiric Link①The familiar's fangs deliver the master's bite.
Vampiric Rites①For vampires, blood carries more than life. Memories long eroded from the minds of bloodchiefs can be reclaimed from the veins of their sired kin.
Vampiric Rites①Scions of the Markov line take particular pleasure in the perversion of humans' holy rituals.
Vampiric Sliver①They draw upon the strength of their hive and of their victims.
Vampiric Touch①A touch, not comforting, but of death.
Vampiric Tutor①"I can tell you what you wish to know. But first, there is the matter of my fee."
Vampiric Tutor①"I write upon clean white parchment with a sharp quill and the blood of my students, divining their secrets."↵-Shauku, Endbringer
Vampiric Tutor①True power is achieved through blood and sweat. But mostly blood.
Vance's Blasting Cannons①With a broadside assault, Captain Vance carved the cliffs to form her new home.
Vandalblast①Beauty is in the eye of the exploder.
Vandalblast①Our hero struck with a flash of steel, slicing the monster's claw and freeing the young girl from its grasp!
Vandalize①"As we have learned from Kolaghan, to ruin is to rule."↵-Shensu, Kolaghan rider
Vanguard of Brimaz①"The humans and their gods never blessed me. Only the pride deserves my allegiance."
Vanguard's Shield①Wars are not fought on a single front.
Vanish into Memory①Out of sight, into mind.
Vanishing Verse①"Whoever summoned that thing had better confess right this moment, or the whole class will be cleaning the ink receptacles for a month!"
Vanishing①"Careless, like a child with fire, so was I with time."↵-Teferi
Vanquish the Horde①Odric took no joy in violence but neither did he mourn for the twisted things he dispatched. All that mattered were the lives he had saved.
Vanquish the Weak①Open conflict between expeditionary houses-or even individual adventuring parties-is discouraged, but "accidents" happen.
Vanquish the Weak①The clerics known as condemners punish those who do not recognize the righteous authority of the church.
Vanquisher's Axe①When a Keldon takes a trophy from an enemy, it's usually something they can use to kill more enemies.
Vanquish①"All beings have an inner light. Let me show you yours."↵-Ushanti, leonin seer
Vantress Paladin①"Someone knows where the king is. They can't expect to keep it a secret from us."
Vapor Snag①"This creature is inadequate. Send it to the splicers for innovation."↵-Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Vaporkin①"Mists are carefree. They drift where they will, unencumbered by rocks and river beds."↵-Thrasios, triton hero
Vaporous Djinn①"What is taking them so long to fill the waterskins?"↵-Mwani, Mtenda goatherd
Varchild's Crusader①"Every patch of land must belong to Kjeldor, no matter what the cost!"↵-General Varchild
Varchild's Crusader①"We could have peace, but Varchild would rather have the maps of the new Kjeldor drawn in Balduvian blood."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Varchild's War-Riders①"What tries to crush our spirit only strengthens our resolve."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Varchild's War-Riders①"What tries to crush our spirit only strengthens our resolve."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Varragoth, Bloodsky Sire①"I waded through a river of fire to bring death to Bretagard."
Vassal Soul①For the Azorius, the opportunity to serve the law is too great an honor for death to interrupt.
Vassal's Duty①"My life is yours, my lord. There is no greater service than to yield it for your safety."
Vastwood Animist①He calls on the forests for counsel and summons the earth to his cause.
Vastwood Fortification①"When you understand nature's ways, you're never unarmed."↵-Eyza, Joraga guide
Vastwood Gorger①"A long and difficult incision revealed that all vital organs are housed in the head, save for a long chain of stomachs, forty in all, leading from its throat to the end of the tail."↵-Mulak Ffar, *Vastwood Biodiversity*
Vastwood Gorger①"I've known true ferocity and power. Those brazen 'planar-walkers' have no idea what wild really means."↵-Chadir the Navigator
Vastwood Gorger①The gorger's insect-like eyes pick up the slightest movement in any direction. Its body then whips toward its prey with startling speed, swallowing it in one engulfing gulp.
Vastwood Thicket①"Never underestimate the ferocity of the imperative to thrive."↵-Eyza, Joraga guide
Vault Robber①The dwarves believe works of art should be passed down the generations, not buried with the dead.
Vault Skirge①From the remnants of the dead, Geth forged a swarm to safeguard his throne.
Vault Skyward①"The edges of the Quicksilver Sea run dark with the spread of the Mephidross. Two more aerial passes before I can be sure what I'm seeing . . ."↵-Lafarius, Neurok sky agent
Vault of Catlacan①Swimming in coins proved harder than they'd hoped, but dancing was a jingling delight.
Vault of Champions①Where victors are commemorated and moments of glory immortalized.
Vault of Whispers①Heretic cultures came to planet Sovereign in search of resources and precious artifacts. They found something else.
Vault of Whispers①Ish Sah, den of the warlord Geth, commander of countless nim.
Vault of the Archangel①"For centuries my creation kept this world in balance. Now only her shadow remains."↵-Sorin Markov
Vectis Agents①With their life energy suppressed under their etherium enhancements, thieves from Esper found it surprisingly easy to explore the ruins of Grixis.
Vectis Dominator①"I appreciate the artistry of the telemins, but the creatures of the other worlds provide a much more dramatic performance."↵-Ennor, mentalist
Vectis Gloves①Thieves love technological innovations almost as much as artificers do.
Vectis Silencers①Even on Esper, there are those who eschew the use of magic in favor of simpler methods.
Vector Asp①Phyrexia's machines take inspiration from nature. Twisted, disturbing inspiration.
Vector Glider①It drifted from the spirit realm into a neon world full of new possibilities . . . and decided to stay.
Vedalken Anatomist①"Specimen 211 examination report. Observation: graft sublimation incomplete. Result: death. Prepare specimen 212."
Vedalken Archmage①"The Knowledge Pool knows. Memnarch understands."↵-Janus, speaker of the synod
Vedalken Blademaster①Vedalken have six thin, agile fingers on each hand, giving them unparalleled dexterity.
Vedalken Certarch①"An appropriately detailed model is indistinguishable from reality, and much easier to control."
Vedalken Dismisser①"I crept up on him, quiet as a guttermouse. And then suddenly I found myself facedown in a latrine pit behind Tin Street Market."↵-Sirislav, Dimir spy
Vedalken Engineer①Art is unknown to the vedalken-for them, all creations must serve a purpose.
Vedalken Entrancer①"Don't get any ideas."
Vedalken Entrancer①Their denial reaches far into your future.
Vedalken Ghoul①For four nights following Ennor's death and the reclaiming of his etherium, its recipients were found slain, the etherium ripped from their bodies.
Vedalken Heretic①"Etherium clouded my eyes, clogged my ears, desensitized my skin. Now that I can feel, I can begin to learn."
Vedalken Humiliator①"And who will stop me? You?"
Vedalken Infiltrator①"An expert always keeps their tools close at hand."
Vedalken Infuser①"All plans begin as dreams. I intend to awaken them."
Vedalken Mastermind①The vedalken see other beings from a cold distance, as either experimental subjects or objects of study.
Vedalken Mesmerist①"There's no need to sound the alarm. You are minding your post admirably. I am authorized. All is well."
Vedalken Orrery①"My observations of the Multiverse are too valuable not to preserve for posterity."↵-Dovin Baan
Vedalken Orrery①The model incorporated the fifth sun effortlessly, as if it had always known.
Vedalken Outlander①The Seekers of Carmot searched across the unknown lands for the mystical red stone that could reforge Esper in ethereal perfection.
Vedalken Plotter①"Fair? At what point in our negotiations did you convince yourself my goal was to be fair?"
Vega, the Watcher①One eye sees the past, one the present, and one the future-and none can be deceived.
Vegetation Abomination①The animal and vegetable categories kind of merged over time.
Veil of Birds①When wind marries sky, even the bride's veil sings her praises.
Veil of Summer①"I won't tell you or anyone else where my son is. Ever."↵-Tamiyo
Veilborn Ghoul①Liliana's voice carries far, reaching beyond the cold pall of death.
Veiled Crocodile①Some roads are paved with bad intentions.
Veiled Shade①"I sang songs of sorrow for my lost love. Imagine my horror when, one night, they were answered."↵-Milana, Orzhov prelate
Veilstone Amulet①Sometimes it's ostentatious to go unseen.
Veinwitch Coven①Some Strixhaven study groups are more welcoming than others.
Vela the Night-Clad①Vela snuffs out every trace of Krond's reign, leaving pure nightfall in her wake.
Veldrane of Sengir①"Poor, foolish Veldrane. He goes wherever the Baron wills him. One day, he'll go to die."↵-Halina, Dwarven Trader
Venarian Glimmer①Dream of nothing, and wake to a dream come true.
Vendetta①"Consider my debt to your kin paid in full."↵-Idrol, Guul Draz assassin
Vendetta①Starke knew the voice was Takara's, but the venom was Volrath's.
Venerable Knight①"May this blade guide you on your great journey, as it did me on mine."
Venerable Lammasu①Lammasu are the enigmatic travelers of Tarkir, soaring high above all lands in all seasons. None know their true purpose, but they often arrive on the eve of great conflicts or turning points in history.
Venerable Monk①"I rely not so much on the wisdom of age as on the overconfidence of youth."
Venerable Monk①Age wears the flesh but galvanizes the soul.
Venerable Monk①His presence brings not only a strong arm but also renewed hope.
Venerated Teacher①"The unfathomable is upon us, students. I have no doubt you will rise to the occasion."
Vengeance①"It is the duty of the strong to oppose any who threaten the weak."↵-The Southern Paladin
Vengeance①"Until I've gnawed their flesh and exterminated their clans, my humiliation will not be effaced."↵-Liu Bei, on the death of his oath-brother Guan Yu
Vengeance①A bullet renders all sizes equal.
Vengeance①Bitter as wormwood, sweet as mulled wine.
Vengeant Vampire①"Those who stood in my path now lay behind me."
Vengeful Dead①Those who don't learn from their deaths are destined to repeat them.
Vengeful Devil①Devils love adding injury to injury.
Vengeful Dreams①Teroh dreams of his enemies' doom.
Vengeful Firebrand①The flame of a warrior is never extinguished.
Vengeful Reaper①"Starnheim is closed to you, coward."
Vengeful Rebel①Some aetherborn joined the rebellion for profit, others for the sake of their freedom, still others for revenge.
Vengeful Strangler①As the flames consumed the killer, his eyes remained fixed on the executioner's face, his hands twitching like angry spiders.
Vengeful Vampire①He wields the full power of wrath unfettered by the sympathies of a soul.
Vengeful Warchief①"Try to steal from me and I'll add your skull to my collection."
Vengevine①"RARGLEARGLEARGLE!"
Vengevine①Leave but a shred of root and it will return, bursting with vigor.
Venom Sliver①"We attacked with arrows dipped in poison. The slivers that did not die began to change."↵-Hastric, Thunian scout
Venomous Breath①The dryads need neither size nor strength to defeat their enemies in battle.
Venomous Changeling①It doesn't contain venom. It is venom.
Venomous Dragonfly①A pretty little death is still death.
Venomous Fangs①All the pain of the shattered forest contained in a single drop.
Venomous Hierophant①"Many have sought snake-twined Pharika's panacea. Do you wish to share their fate?"
Venomous Vines①"True strength comes from within. The false promise of unnatural power only incurs Krosa's wrath."↵-Seton, centaur druid
Venomthrope①"See that cloud that hangs around it? More than a minute in there and you'll be bleeding out of places you didn't even know you had."↵-Captain Ascote
Venom①"I told him it was just a flesh wound, a wee scratch, but the next time I looked at him, poor Tadhg was dead and gone." -Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Venom①"I told him it was just a flesh wound, but the next time I looked at him, poor Tadhg was dead and gone."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Venom①"I told him it was just a flesh wound, but the next time I looked at him, poor Tadhg was dead and gone."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh,↵*Memoirs of a Soldier*
Venser's Diffusion①"Each reality is but the dream of another, and each sleeper a god unknowing."
Venser's Journal①A Planeswalker's chronicle spans worlds and civilizations, each page a lifetime.
Venser's Sliver①Venser admired his handiwork and smiled. His first prototype had joined with the hive mind all too well, running with the brood and becoming a predator itself. This one, he thought, would be accepted into the hive but still obey his commands.
Venser, Shaper Savant①His marvels of artifice pale in comparison to the developing machinery of his mind.
Vent Sentinel①"Zendikar fortifies itself against the Great Threat, making sentries of sky, sea, and stone."↵-*The War Diaries*
Venture Deeper①Merfolk curiosity usually has dire consequences, but rarely for the merfolk.
Verdant Automaton①"A perfect fusion of nature and artifice."↵-Irsi, Kujar gardener
Verdant Field①Jolrael tends the land so that the land will tend the beasts.
Verdant Force①Burl, scurf, and bower↵Birth fern and flower.
Verdant Force①Left to itself, nature overflows any container, overthrows any restriction, and overreaches any boundary.
Verdant Force①The bower shuddered. The stillness broke. The scurf shifted, and a being emerged from the flowers and ferns.
Verdant Rebirth①The dryads of the forest have no stake in Ixalan's conflict, but they hate to see any living being suffer.
Verdant Sun's Avatar①"Ixalli's fertile rays enliven us all. Each of us is a testament to the sun's strength and love."↵-Chitlati, Lightning Rider
Verdigris①"Only the most sophisticated inventions can survive nature's unsophisticated motivations."↵-Hanna, *Weatherlight* navigator
Verduran Enchantress①"Graceful? Yes. Beautiful? Absolutely. Harmless? Definitely not."↵-Fyndhorn elder
Verduran Enchantress①"Weave the magic so that it sings to you, and will always fly home . . . ."↵-Verduran teaching
Verduran Enchantress①Each spell has its own song, and the enchantress knows the dance for each.
Verduran Enchantress①Some say magic was first practiced by women, who have always felt strong ties to the land.
Verduran Enchantress①„Sie verlangt keinen Gehorsam. Doch die Natur lauscht ihrer Bitte, und die Antwort enttäuscht nie."↵-*Enzyklopädie von Endres*, „Naturzauber"
Verity Circle①"Here, there is only truth."↵-Barvisa, Azorius emissary
Vermiculos①Mirrodin's artificial environment requires its own predators, scavengers, and senseless forces of nature.
Vermin Gorger①"Once, vampires ruled this world, commanding the fear and respect that befit our noble blood. Have we truly sunk so low?"↵-Sorin Markov
Vernadi Shieldmate①"Selesnya's soil is sacred, and you're about to meet it with your face."
Vernal Bloom①Many cultures have legends of a lush, hidden paradise. The elves of Argoth had no need of such stories.
Vernal Bloom①Spring breathes the magic of new life.
Vernal Bloom①The sun breaks, the beasts stir, and the forest awakens to stand against its enemies.
Vertigo①"I saw the wizard gesturing, but I didn't guess his plan until my Aesthir cried out and went into a dive."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skyknight
Vertigo①"I saw the wizard gesturing, but I didn't guess his plan until my aesthir cried out and went into a dive."↵-Arna Kennerud, skyknight
Vesper Ghoul①"Nature's exceptions remind us not to think in absolutes. Just as the orchid blossoms on blackened stone, so does the gift of mana occasionally manifest in the undead."↵-Bougrat, druid of the Cult of Yore
Vessel of Ephemera①Geists seeking redemption must first be given the opportunity.
Vessel of Malignity①From within its prison, the book endlessly whispers words of cruelty and spite.
Vessel of Paramnesia①"Write everything down. Trust me."↵-Vallon, Thraben inspector
Vessel of Volatility①"To be honest, I'm not quite sure what's going to happen."↵-Renna, Selhoff alchemist
Vestige of Emrakul①Emrakul has not been seen in months. Though her brood's numbers have dwindled in her absence, each drone is still a deadly threat.
Vesuvan Duplimancy①"There hasn't been an original thought on Vesuva in centuries."↵-Emmest, Tolarian chronicler
Vesuva①It is everywhere you've ever been.
Veteran Adventurer①"How can I be of assistance?"
Veteran Armorer①"Give me a sword and I'll kill a few enemies. But give me a hammer and a fiery forge, and I'll turn the tide of battle."
Veteran Armorsmith①"Courage is a proud and gleaming shield. It does not bend or hide from sight. To fight with courage, we must forge in steel."
Veteran Bodyguard①Good bodyguards are hard to find, mainly because they don't live long.
Veteran Brawlers①Death awaits them on both fronts.
Veteran Cathar①"Prayers can be powerful, but I prefer to put faith in my own two hands."
Veteran Cavalier①Spirit is the sword and experience the sharpening stone.↵-Arabian proverb
Veteran Dungeoneer①Her tales of glory light a fire in the souls of the next generation of adventurers.
Veteran Motorist①He's set to compete in every race at the Fair, and he plans to win them all.
Veteran Soldier①You've always been happiest fighting for a cause you believe in alongside loyal comrades.
Veteran Swordsmith①"Truth is a straight, keen edge. There are no soft angles or rounded edges. To fight for truth, we must forge in steel."
Veteran of the Depths①In the backwaters of the Merrow Lanes lie stones scarred with tallies of countless generations, each representing a victory of merrow soldiers.
Veteran's Reflexes①"Assume everything wants to kill you. At the very least, assume everything wants what's in your pack."
Veteran's Sidearm①"I've broken three swords, eighteen lances, and countless shields, but this little blade has survived every battle, just like I have."
Veteran's Voice①"Good soldiers rely first upon their training, then upon their instincts."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Veteran's Voice①"Teach by example. If your students do not survive, they were not worth the lesson."↵-General Varchild
Vexilus Praetor①There is no greater bulwark than the Praetors of the Adeptus Custodes, the bodyguards of the Emperor of Mankind.
Vexing Beetle①As the Mirari's mutating effects grew out of control, centaurs and druids fled-but insects swarmed closer.
Vexing Devil①It's not any fun until someone loses an eye.
Vexing Gull①"May the skies be clear of gales and gulls."↵-Meletian prayer
Vexing Shusher①The stench of bloodcap mushrooms on the breath is enough to ward off even the most potent magics, especially when combined with a special chant: "Hushhh."
Vex①"The druids would be better off if they spent more time in the lab and less time watching trees grow."↵-Pontifex, elder researcher
Vhati il-Dal①"Sir, I just thought . . . ," explained Vhati. "Don't think," interrupted Greven. "It doesn't suit you."
Vial of Dragonfire①"The artificer assured me that the vial is strong enough to contain the dragon's breath. I just need to make sure to throw it far enough."↵-Kunh Mei, last words
Vial of Dragonfire①Designed by an ancient artificer, the vials are strong enough to hold the very breath of a dragon-until it's needed.
Vial of Poison①There are worse ways to die, but not many.
Viashino Bey①When the bey runs, match his stride.↵-Viashino saying
Viashino Bladescout①"Find your courage in a desperate moment, and you turn the tide of history. So sayeth the bey."
Viashino Cutthroat①"You guys go on ahead. I'll catch up with ya."↵-Vark, goblin scout, last words
Viashino Fangtail①"When the bony terminus gets too large, it's shed from the tail in coinciding periods of heightened aggression and hunger."↵-Simic research notes
Viashino Firstblade①"All that steel doesn't make them slower. It makes them bolder."↵-Tajic, Blade of the Legion
Viashino Grappler①"They've returned for the mana rig, but it no longer belongs to them."↵-Viashino bey
Viashino Heretic①"The past is buried for good reason."
Viashino Lashclaw①"Victory is the greatest motivator of all. So sayeth the bey."
Viashino Outrider①"Give thy ration to thy mount, if the road be long. So sayeth the bey."
Viashino Pyromancer①"I trained with the Ghitu, and I respect the fire as they do."
Viashino Racketeer①"You may call me a fool, selling this stuff on Orzhov turf. Well, you need to be a little reckless to survive."
Viashino Runner①"It moved this way, an' that way, an' then before I could stick it, it jumped over my head an' was gone."↵-Jula, goblin raider
Viashino Sandscout①A viashino's overlapping scales form a buffer against Shiv's ash-flecked winds and a slippery target for goblin pikes.
Viashino Sandstalker①"Some believe Sandstalkers to be illusions; those with scars know better."↵-*Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert*
Viashino Sandstalker①"Some believe sandstalkers to be illusions; those with scars know better."↵-*Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert*
Viashino Sandswimmer①Few swim in a place of such thirst.
Viashino Shanktail①The Slizt Clan's battle cry is an impressive display of fury, defiance, and spit.
Viashino Skeleton①Underneath the Dregscape lay the remains of creatures long extinct from Grixis.
Viashino Slasher①Citizens of Ravnica stick to the main streets. Shortcuts may look tempting, but down each alley, dozens of hungry hands await, and screams do not carry into the busy market throng.
Viashino Slaughtermaster①"I'll fight two at once, and then lick their guts from my blades."
Viashino Spearhunter①Viashino lack the majesty of their draconic ancestors, but they lash out with equal rage and twice the spite.
Viashino Warrior①"When traveling the Great Desert avoid wearing the scales of lizards, for the Viashino rule the sands and look poorly on the skinning of their cousins."↵-*Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert*
Viashino Warrior①"When traveling the Great Desert avoid wearing the scales of lizards, for the Viashino rule the sands and look poorly on the skinning of their cousins."↵-Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert
Viashino Weaponsmith①Within the rig settlement, those who have mastered the making of weapons earn highest honor.
Viashivan Dragon①The Viashivan understand that cruelty arises from opportunity.
Vibrating Sphere①"Unearthly and invisible fibers emanate from this sphere, entangling all who draw near."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Vicious Conquistador①"He is ambitious. Tireless. And utterly ruthless. Ideal for the frontier."↵-Viceroy Elia Sotonores, report to the queen
Vicious Hunger①"Blood is foul, the flesh dross. My ascendance thirsts for life itself."↵-Crovax
Vicious Hunger①Only the most ravenous soul feeds on the health of the weak.
Vicious Kavu①As battle raged in Shiv, a strange new ally appeared from below the ravaged ground.
Vicious Rumors①"The alliances were already frayed. All we do is find the loose threads and pluck."↵-Lazav
Vicious Shadows①"Thrashes of the ancient past still linger in spirit and shadow, desperate to sink their claws into our souls."↵-Rakka Mar
Victim of Night①"Do not touch a drop. Not yet. I want to watch this so-called slayer's last crisis of faith."↵-Olivia Voldaren
Victimize①"Die. But die knowing that your pathetic life will yield a great bounty for me."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Victimize①The priest cast Xantcha to the ground. "It is defective. We must scrap it."
Victorious Destruction①"The refugees look at these structures with hope. We must relieve them of this burden."↵-Juex, tormentor exarch
Victory Chimes①The favored noisemaker of goblins ever since the wardens cracked down on explosives.
Victory's Envoy①Her paean is the clash of spears, her prayer a battle cry.
Victory's Herald①The corruption stirred the heavens above, awaking a shining champion.
Victual Sliver①"We are kinfolk," explained Karn to the sliver queen. "Just as you need your progeny to complete you, so do I need the pieces of the Legacy to make me whole."
View from Above①"This air feels so heavy and thick. There are no winds to speak of. I fear the knowledge that comes from a place like this."
Vigean Hydropon①Fruits of magic, roots in science.
Vigil for the Lost①"As she grew cold in my arms, I swore an oath that her funeral pyre would be dwarfed by a bonfire of our enemies."
Vigilance①"Put a spear in a peasant's hands, and you have an expendable troop. Put a purpose in his heart, and you win a warrior."↵-Sensei Golden-Tail
Vigilant Baloth①Villagers employ watchdogs as guardians and companions. Druids prefer something a little bigger.
Vigilant Drake①Awake and awing in the blink of an eye.
Vigilant Drake①It can stay aloft for weeks with little or no sleep.
Vigilante Justice①It begins as a whisper and ends with the red roar of fire.
Vigor Mortis①After fear and weakness rot away, that which remains is stronger than its living form.
Vile Consumption①The plague moved faster than an army and was far more deadly.
Vile Deacon①"The Cabal and the Order really aren't that different. After all, we are both empowered by faith."
Vile Entomber①The dead are lonely in the crypt and always eager for company.
Vile Manifestation①The glyphs writhed and twisted, spewing out dark, vengeful magic.
Vile Rebirth①"'Here lies our beloved Gartu, the gentlest of all men.' Ooh, I love irony."↵-Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Vile Rebirth①Grave robbers digging down cautiously listen for anything digging up.
Vilis, Broker of Blood①"You can sign, or you can spend your life imagining what might have been yours."
Village Bell-Ringer①"Priests, hunters, slayers-to arms! The enemy approaches!"
Village Cannibals①Some have endured the horrors of Innistrad by becoming the worst monsters of all.
Village Elder①"Enchant me with your tale-telling. Tell about Tree, Grass, River, and Wind. / Tell why Truth must fight with Falsehood, and why Truth will always win."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Village Ironsmith①Each night, he abandons the trappings of civilization.
Village Messenger①"I'm afraid it's bad news."
Village Reavers①With no guards to be seen, the cobbled streets of Gatstaf echoed with howls.
Village Rites①"My colleagues revile the barbarity of the Blood Age, but I believe we have much to learn from the magics of endless war."↵-Embrose, Silverquill dean
Village Rites①"You were so eager to take and consume. Yet when asked to give, you refuse?"
Village Rites①The Skelle raise scorn poles in conquered villages-cursed totems of wood and bone that sap survivors of physical strength and the will to fight back.
Village Survivors①As their villages fell to werewolves, fleeing refugees discovered they too had remarkable survival instincts.
Village Watch①"You have my word. You'll see no wolf attacks while we're around!"
Villagers of Estwald①You can spot a werewolf-infested town by its lack of butcher shops.
Villainous Ogre①"The war saw the ogres emerge from their caves, reeking of blood, with the power of oni in their veins."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Villainous Wealth①Gold buys death. Death earns gold.
Vindicate①"Don't mourn for me. This is my destiny."↵-Gerrard
Vindicate①"I am the mad one!"
Vindicate①"I have seen entire civilizations rise and fall. You mortals are but dust to me."↵-Sorin Markov
Vindicate①Some convictions are so strong that the world must break to accommodate them.
Vindictive Lich①Heart, mind, soul-weapons all.
Vindictive Lich①Its essence divided into three curses.
Vindictive Mob①Many minds, a single madness.
Vindictive Vampire①In theory, the Guildpact keeps guild feuds from spiraling out of control. Personal feuds, however, are not covered.
Vine Gecko①"It's cute now, but those things tend to get a lot bigger when you're not looking."↵-Fahar, expedition wizard
Vine Mare①When it passes, the dead are displaced by flourishing life.
Vine Snare①Nissa found that the vines of the marsh could ensnare just as well as forest vines could-maybe even better.
Vine Trellis①"We protect our own with our own."
Vine Trellis①Nature twists knots stronger than any rope.
Vineglimmer Snarl①A verdant paradox of primal logic.
Vinelasher Kudzu①It grows to hate you.
Vines of the Recluse①"The most elegant solutions are found in nature. You just have to know where to look."
Vineshaper Mystic①She has never touched a loom, yet the tapestries she weaves are vast and beautiful.
Vineweft①Fortified by the wilds.
Vintara Elephant①Trained with the aid of rhystic magic, they become uneasy in its absence.
Vintara Snapper①"The snapper is still when all else moves↵And strikes when all are dozing."↵-*Tales of the Vintara Forest*
Violent Impact①Initiates in the heat of combat must be able to adapt to changing conditions.
Violent Ultimatum①"Words are a waste of time. Destruction is a language everyone understands."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Violet Pall①A faerie is the offspring of Oona and mischief.
Viper's Kiss①"I could heal a snakebite. Looks like you got bitten by a constellation."↵-Aescalos, healer of Pharika
Viridescent Wisps①In the wisps that night, the once timid boggart saw all the terrible, bloody things he was capable of. And it was glorious.
Viridian Acolyte①"We have no sun to guide our dead, so I tend the prismatic flames of the spirit fires that show the souls their way. When I die, I hope there is one left to guide my spirit home."
Viridian Betrayers①To secure a place in Phyrexia's ranks, they hunted their surviving kin.
Viridian Claw①"Phyrexians can't corrupt what they can't get close enough to touch."
Viridian Harvest①"In the midst of horror beyond imagining, I still see things that lift my heart."↵-Ezuri
Viridian Joiner①"The Tangle reaches out to itself constantly, forming new connections. We must follow its example."
Viridian Lorebearers①A small band of elves pledged many years ago to avoid the Edges of Forgetting. They have remained hidden until now.
Viridian Revel①"Let them have their revel. Soon those who won't submit will be turned. Those who won't be turned will die."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Viridian Scout①They know a hoverguard's only blind spot is directly above it.
Viridian Shaman①Because the elves are so in touch with Mirrodin's nature, they understand best how to dismantle it.
Viridian Shaman①She stands as a living symbol of the natural world and an enemy of the forces that threaten it.
Viridian Zealot①"I will fight only the way nature intended-and nature intended us to win."
Virtue's Ruin①All must fall, and those who stand highest fall hardest.
Virtuous Charge①"The empire belongs to no one man but to all in the empire. He who has virtue shall possess it."
Virtus's Maneuver①Brutality had never been so exquisite.
Virulent Plague①"This pestilence robs us of glorious death in battle. We starve to death with full bellies and drown trying to slake our unnatural thirst."↵-Kerai Hatesinger, Kolaghan warrior
Virulent Wound①Sadly, the extent of Gerkk's healing knowledge was "don't pick at it."
Virus Beetle①"They'll be debugging their code for days before they figure out what happened!"↵-Eita, Futurist agent
Visara the Dreadful①"My eyes are my strongest feature."
Viscera Seer①In matters of life and death, he trusts his gut.
Viscerid Armor①A fallen Viscerid's only tribute is to be worn by a comrade.
Viscerid Armor①A fallen viscerid's only tribute is to be worn by a comrade.
Viscerid Armor①One Viscerid's death is often another's gain.
Viscerid Drone①Not all of Terisiare's flooding was natural . . . .
Viscid Lemures①"Lemurs? Is that all? Finally, something harmless . . ."↵-Norin the Wary
Viseling①"This may hurt a lot."
Vision Skeins①"I could see in the other mage's eyes that he'd thought of it too. Then it became a race to exploit the knowledge first."
Vision of the Unspeakable①Even as her students' minds succumbed to madness, Azami's obsession with the kami of forbidden knowledge only grew.
Visionary Augmenter①"It's a multifunctional radial extension system with superlateral, force-amplifying rigging. Of course it will win."
Visions of Beyond①"The past is the foundation for all that exists in the present. We merely reconstruct what our ancestors have already discovered."↵-Sachimir, Sage of Memories
Visions①"Visions of glory, spare my aching sight,/ Ye unborn ages, crowd not on my soul!"↵-Thomas Gray, *The Bard*
Visions①"Visions of glory, spare my aching sight,↵Ye unborn ages, crowd not on my soul!"↵-Thomas Gray, "The Bard"
Vital Splicer①"For every one that falls, ten shall rise. The revelation of New Phyrexia is at hand."↵-Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Vitalize①"After waking to the magic of Llanowar, no dreams can compare."↵-Mirri of the *Weatherlight*
Vitalizing Cascade①"Water is like breathing-necessary for life."↵-Asmira, Holy Avenger
Vitalizing Wind①"The fifth wind of ascension is Exalter, fulfilling Keld's destiny."↵-*Keld Triumphant*
Vithian Renegades①"Here is the proof that what has been done may yet be undone. The hope we thought dead will be gloriously reborn."
Vito, Thorn of the Dusk Rose①"Through the blood of the wicked, we shall be redeemed. Let us pray."
Vitu-Ghazi Guildmage①"Preachers of freedom forget that conformity can be beautiful."
Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree①In the autumn, she casts her seeds across the streets below, and come spring, her children rise in service to the Conclave.
Vivid Flying Fish①The rainbow seen above the Great Lake of Cloud Dream just after the rain is nothing but the vivid-colored flying fishes' ritual dance.
Vivid Revival①Golgari crops bloom in strange soils, touched only by long-traveled light.
Vivien's Crocodile①"Regardless of where they come from, crocs are usually able to find their way home. For this one, home is me."↵-Vivien Reid
Vivien's Jaguar①Each of Vivien's arrows is an invocation of a species.
Vivify①Near the Krosan border, farmers keep watch over their fields lest the sod get up and wander away.
Vivisection①Phyrexians research with the grace of surgeons and the finesse of butchers.
Vivisection①Though their work is widely reviled, stitchers see themselves as being on the cutting edge of science.
Vizier of Remedies①"You'll need all your strength for the trials to come."
Vizier of Tumbling Sands①"Time is like the Luxa River-though it flows in one direction, it can be diverted."
Vizier of the Scorpion①His blessing is a curse.
Vizier of the True①Outnumbered, but not outmatched.
Vizkopa Vampire①Orzhov vampires look for allies in unlikely places in case their new guildmaster turns on them. The fate of the Obzedat is proof of Kaya's power and her hatred of the living dead.
Vizzerdrix①A bored wizard once created a vizzerdrix out of a bunny and a piranha. He never made *that* mistake again.
Vizzerdrix①Its swamp cousin may be meaner, but the vizzerdrix is much bigger.
Vodalian Arcanist①The Vodalian Empire tends to be insular. The scholarly Volshe caste are the exception, using education as an antidote to xenophobia.
Vodalian Hexcatcher①"You're just one more pollutant to be removed from the sea."
Vodalian Hypnotist①"Deceit is the heart of war."
Vodalian Illusionist①"Torahn gore these shifty fishtails! You can't even get close to one."↵-Tahngarth of the *Weatherlight*
Vodalian Knights①Fear the Knight leaping from the water into the air, weapon ready.
Vodalian Knights①Fear the knight leaping from the water into the air, weapon ready.
Vodalian Mage①"Come back, cowards! Everyone knows Merfolk can't wield magic!"↵-Pashadar Dirf, Goblin Flotilla Commander, last words
Vodalian Mage①"Vodalian Mages are remarkable. Their merchants bring them arcane lore and devices from across the seas."↵-Lydia Wynforth, Mayor of Trokair
Vodalian Mage①Vodalian Mages were invaluable in magical combat. Unfortunately, the Homarids raided with strength, numbers, and very little magic.
Vodalian Merchant①Not choosing sides in a war can be dangerous-but lucrative.
Vodalian Mystic①"Sometimes when I look at the ocean, I could swear it changes colors."↵-Sisay
Vodalian Soldiers①"Stalwart Soldiers, you stand against the Homarids for Vodalia and for honor. Your homeland cries out for protection, and the moment has come. Now let your valor shine, and sound the cry to battle. Victory to Vodalia!"↵-Marshall Volnikov
Vodalian Soldiers①"The cooling climate introduced a new threat to Vodalia: the Homarids. Once a minor nuisance, they thrived in the changing environment. Their ceaseless attacks strained Vodalia's defenses to their limit, eventually overwhelming the empire."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. V*
Vodalian Soldiers①"Vodalian Soldiers had some unique advantages. Often they would ride into battle on war machines rumored to have come from the far northern oceans."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. V*
Vodalian Soldiers①"Vodalian rank is displayed by the colors and patterns of their skin. Beware the color red; that is the badge of the empress's favor."↵-Corbio, pearl diver
Vodalian Soldiers①"You think you know everything there is to know about battle? You know Orc droppings! Underwater combat is three dimensional. Those thrice-damned Vodalians don't attack in ranks; they attack in schools."↵-Ivra Jursdotter
Vodalian Zombie①"Every last one of you will become my servant. It's a shame you won't live to see the irony."↵-Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Vogar, Necropolis Tyrant①A despot in life. A monster in death.
Voice of Duty①"Next to Law is Duty, and Duty must be obeyed. If the frame of Duty is broken, none shall weave life's fabric."↵-*Song of All*, canto 167
Voice of Grace①"Opposite Law is Grace, and Grace must be preserved. If the strands of Grace are unraveled, its design will be lost, and the people with it."↵-*Song of All*, canto 167
Voice of Law①"Life's balance is as a star: on one point is Law, and Law must be upheld. If the knots of order are loosened, chaos will spill through."↵-*Song of All*, canto 167
Voice of Many①His words echo every roar, screech, and howl of the wilds.
Voice of Reason①"Next to Grace is Reason, and Reason must be retained. If the web of Reason comes unwoven, madness will escape."↵-*Song of All*, canto 167
Voice of Truth①"Above them all is Truth, and Truth must be set free. If the wings of Truth are clipped, the voices will fall silent."↵-*Song of All*, canto 167
Voice of the Provinces①Her horn is heard across Innistrad, lifting the hearts of the righteous.
Voice of the Woods①"Ancient ones, I call on you, your wisdom and your power, your will to claim again all that is rightfully yours."
Voice of the Woods①The ritual of making draws upon the elves' memories and pasts. And elves have long memories and ancient pasts.
Voiceless Spirit①"I'd rather take on a neckbiter or moonhowler any day. Oh well, looks like I'm going to end up parrying with empty air half the night."↵-Saint Trogen, the Slayer
Voices from the Void①As Grixis collided with the rest of Alara, the worlds began to hear the hateful whispers of the forgotten dead.
Void Attendant①The Eldrazi don't merely extinguish life-they supplant it.
Void Mirror①"A mirror does more than reflect reality-it shapes it."↵-Niko Aris
Void Rend①Bits of the missing agent were discovered in various alleys across all three boroughs.
Void Shatter①Eldrazi break concentration like glass.
Void Snare①"I've tried so many variations on how to get rid of annoying things that it's hard to decide which one I like best."↵-Ashurel, voidmage
Void Stalker①Now you see it, now you're gone.
Void Winnower①"Have you ever seen a world fall to its knees? Watch, and learn."↵-Ob Nixilis
Void Winnower①"I used to think penthouses were for jerks but I'm starting to see the appeal."
Voidslime①"Cyclonic Ri-fplfmplfmlfblthpfmnsnffl!"
Voidslime①"It is technically an ooze, but its life span measures only seconds. In that short time, its appetite for magic is extraordinary."↵-Simic research notes
Voidslime①"It is technically an ooze, but its lifespan measures only seconds. In that short time, its appetite for magic is extraordinary."↵-Simic research notes
Voidwielder①"He makes up his own laws, and that's dangerous to all who love peace and prosperity. Kill him on sight."↵-Mirela, Azorius hussar
Volatile Claws①Whether modeled after bear, bird, or baloth, all claws send the same message.
Volatile Fjord①"I watched with my own eyes as Jari Eagle-Caller fell from these cliffs, only to be snatched from the air by a giant bird!"↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Volcanic Awakening①With a great roar, the land opened like a titan's yawn, with teeth of blackened rock and a lolling tongue of magma.
Volcanic Dragon①"That's no ordinary eruption!"↵-Grazlash Stonehold, last words
Volcanic Dragon①Sometimes an eruption in Shiv produces something more dangerous than a mere river of molten rock.
Volcanic Dragon①Speed and fire are always a deadly combination.
Volcanic Fallout①"How can we outrun the sky?"↵-Hadran, sunseeder of Naya
Volcanic Geyser①"The common folk call it the breaking of the crust or the spilling of fire. Geomancers call it target practice."↵-Ryda, geomancer
Volcanic Geyser①"The mountain's fire surges beneath your feet, demanding release. Can you not feel it?"
Volcanic Geyser①My thunder comes before the lightning; my lightning comes before the clouds; my rain dries all the land it touches. What am I? -Femeref riddle
Volcanic Geyser①My thunder comes before the lightning; my lightning comes before the clouds; my rain dries all the land it touches. What am I?↵-Femeref riddle
Volcanic Hammer①Cast the weight as though it were a die, to see a rival's fate.
Volcanic Hammer①Fire finds its form in the heat of the forge.
Volcanic Island①2018 North America Legacy Championship
Volcanic Rambler①It moves through lava with the force of an erupting volcano.
Volcanic Rush①"The bravest warriors take the shortest path to victory, whatever that path may be."↵-Sakta, Atarka hunter
Volcanic Salvo①Seeing it coming a mile away is little comfort if you can't get out of range in time.
Volcanic Strength①His blood boiled over, and he erupted with fists of stone.
Volcanic Strength①The mountains bend to no one.
Volcanic Submersion①A dragon's death is almost as feared as its life. Old, dying dragons throw themselves into volcanoes, causing massive upheaval and widespread disaster.
Volcanic Upheaval①Like a living organism, Zendikar rids itself of infection, and it does so abruptly and ruthlessly.
Volcanic Wind①The Cho-Arrim call it "the fury of Ramos."
Volcano Imp①Its claws cut faster than a flame flickers.
Voldaren Ambusher①"Gotcha."
Voldaren Duelist①"I have yet to find my equal."
Voldaren Epicure①"If you're not refining your tastes, what's the point of living forever?"
Voldaren Stinger①A duel to first blood means something very different when a vampire is involved.
Volition Reins①"Glorifying the will is a mistake. It is simply one more force to be mastered."
Volley Veteran①"Fill the sky with stuff!"
Volo, Guide to Monsters①"The beholder told me I had a good eye for details. Who was I to argue?"
Volrath the Fallen①"I stepped out. I did not step down."
Volrath's Gardens①"Watch yourself," warned Starke. "These plants aren't nice when they're hungry."
Volrath's Stronghold①The seed of a world's evil.
Volrath①The son of Gerrard's surrogate father, Sidar Kondo, Volrath stole Gerrard's Legacy and rose to power selling it off piece by piece. Now, he is an evincar, or agent, of the Lord of the Wastes. Armed with exceptional magical powers, he plots to conquer the entire multiverse.
Volshe Tideturner①Ships suspected of carrying Sheoldred's agents have a tendency to drift far off course as they sail through the Voda Sea.
Volt-Charged Berserker①She finally realized that chaos was meant to run rampant, as was she.
Voltaic Construct①The undead may outlast the living, but those who have never lived outlast them both.
Voltaic Key①The key did not work on a single lock, yet it opened many doors.
Voltaic Key①The missing piece to every puzzle.
Voltaic Servant①A missing piece in search of a puzzle.
Voltaic Visionary①She spent many years trying to harness chaos.
Volunteer Militia①After making the Peach Garden Oath, the three brothers raised an army of 500 youths to fight the Yellow Scarves rebellion.
Volunteer Militia①People fight hardest on their own soil.
Volunteer Reserves①"I'm always a little leery of anyone who offers to kill other people for free."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Vona, Butcher of Magan①"For four hundred years, I have led armies of conquest. These lands hold nothing that can stand against me."
Voracious Cobra①There's no known antidote for the cobra's venom . . . or its appetite.
Voracious Greatshark①There is no boat big enough.
Voracious Null①"These days, there's no shortage of food for the nulls of Guul Draz."↵-Drana, Kalastria bloodchief
Voracious Reader①Good books make you savor each word.
Voracious Typhon①A typhon's escape from the Underworld makes armies flee and kingdoms fall.
Voracious Vampire①The purest devotion isn't the Blood Fast itself, but the craving that follows.
Voracious Wurm①Shepherds in Kalonia know it's better to let sheep roam than have them be trapped when the wurms are feeding.
Vorapede①"If you think you've killed one, guess again."↵-Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Vorel of the Hull Clade①"I used to hurl rocks and eat scraps of meat burned over a fire. Look at what I've become and tell me Simic does not hold infinite possibility."
Vorstclaw①"Where'd the werewolves go? Maybe *that* got hungry."↵-Halana of Ulvenwald
Vorstclaw①Roots reach deep, and sometimes they tap into things better left undisturbed.
Vortex Elemental①The sea is always hungry.
Vortex Runner①"By using the vortex, I can study for at least fifteen extra minutes between every class. I wasn't being reckless, Dean Imbraham. I was being efficient."
Vorthos, Steward of Myth①"Just wait, my Madara deck isn't all Emperor Bolas. There's an Umezawa subtheme!"
Votary of the Conclave①An ageless order, the votaries receive the gift of rejuvenation from the temple gardens they guard.
Vow of Duty①"I prefer loyalty to be a matter of respect, not of magic. But one does what one must."↵-Kaalia of the Vast
Vow of Flight①"Soaring is wasted on the winged."↵-Edric, Spymaster of Trest
Vow of Lightning①"For all I have lost, for all who have fallen, I will render you to dust."↵-Jared Carthalion
Vow of Lightning①"Ruhan would never agree to such terms."↵-Ruhan of the Fomori
Vow of Malice①"I grant you blades-on the condition that they are not pointed at me."↵-Damia, Sage of Stone
Vow of Torment①"Peace is a privilege you haven't earned."↵-Tevesh Szat
Vow of Wildness①"Savagery is the birthright of every creature that draws breath-or wishes it could."↵-Karador, Ghost Chieftain
Voyage's End①Philosophers say those lost at sea ascended to a more perfect realm. Sailors say they drowned.
Voyager Staff①Voyager staffs are sought by those hoping to find an escape from the sprawling glut of Ravnica.
Voyaging Satyr①"None can own the land's bounty. The gods made this world for all to share its riches. And I'm not just saying that because you caught me stealing your fruit."
Vraska's Conquistador①Abandoning both queen and church, he chose to follow power.
Vraska's Contempt①It wasn't long before the taverns of High and Dry were full of whispers about the new captain who could turn a person to stone with a glance.
Vraska's Finisher①"You might have pleaded your case with my queen earlier. Now I am here, and it is far too late."
Vrock①"Don't try to bribe them. They'll take your gold *and* your liver."↵-Volo's field notes
Vryn Wingmare①It's the favored mount of military commanders as well as anyone with a flair for the dramatic.
Vulpine Goliath①"With a diet of hydras, giants, and massive serpents, anything would get that big."↵-Corisande, Setessan hunter
Vulshok Battlemaster①"I could demonstrate how the leonin sunsplicer works, but then you'd be too dead to buy one."
Vulshok Berserker①He experiences every emotion with passion and repays every slight with vengeance.
Vulshok Berserker①He will carve out a legend for himself with his own two hands.
Vulshok Heartstoker①He fashions stirring words with as much passion as a smith fashioning a warhammer.
Vulshok Refugee①"I will carve my people's vengeance on the face of Phyrexia."
Vulshok Replica①All the fury of the Vulshok with only a trace of their recklessness.
Vulshok Sorcerer①Vulshok sorcerers train by leaping into electrified storm clouds. Dead or alive, they come back down with smiles on their faces.
Vulshok War Boar①It must eat its weight in metal daily, or its furnacelike belly will consume itself for lack of fuel.
Vulturous Zombie①"When something dies, all things benefit. Well okay, just our things."↵-Ezoc, Golgari rot farmer
Waildrifter①"Wait! That's no gryff-at least not anymore."↵-Geor, Havengul fisher
Wailing Ghoul①"Don't worry, sweet brother. Help is on the way."↵-Ghoulcaller Gisa
Waiting in the Weeds①The trees have ears, eyes, and teeth.
Wake Thrasher①Anyone who thinks merrows have more brains than brawn has never been run over by one.
Wake of Destruction①Land charred black, rivers boiled, Crops and wells alike despoiled, Mountains leveled, forests felled- Footprints of the beasts of Keld.
Wake of Vultures①"So the vulture said to the griffin, 'You gonna eat that?'"↵-Azeworai, "The Ugly Bird"
Wake the Past①"Belong in a museum? I think we should let relics belong wherever they please!"↵-Quintorius, Lorehold mage-student
Wake the Reflections①"You see a bird, an oak, a packbeast. I see the potential for an army."↵-Lalia, Selesnya dryad
Wakedancer①Hers is an ancient form of necromancy, steeped in shamanic trance and ritual that few skaberen or ghoulcallers comprehend.
Wakening Sun's Avatar①"Kinjalli's encompassing rays herald new life in the moment of the sun's dawning."↵-Chitlati, Lightning Rider
Waker of Waves①On the open sea, there is nowhere to hide.
Waker of the Wilds①"Our foes are many and mighty, but not as many as the trees or as mighty as the sea."
Wakeroot Elemental①"When the forest walks, it's too late to run."↵-Horent, Khalni druid
Wakestone Gargoyle①Its pulsating cry shatters bonds of iron, granite, and servitude.
Waking Nightmare①"Once each year, the oni and other evil spirits paraded through villages to disturb mortals' sleep. During the war, this parade became a nightly event."↵-*Observations of the Kami War*
Walk the Plank①When Captain Thorn adds a new ship to his fleet, he gives the crew a simple choice: follow me, or fall in the sea.
Walker of the Wastes①In the absence of life, something yet grows.
Walking Atlas①Crafted by lullmages and bound to the land, it alters itself to match the tumultuous terrain.
Walking Corpse①"Feeding a normal army is a problem of logistics. With zombies, it is an asset. Feeding is why they fight. Feeding is why they are feared."↵-Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Walking Corpse①"Is it hopeless? When wave upon wave of our dead return as mindless flesh-eaters to claw upon Thraben's walls? We're too busy cutting them down to indulge ourselves in such philosophical foppery."↵-Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Walking Corpse①"What does it mean when the dead feed on the dead? When no new life emerges, but only more death? Is it not an endless spiral into annihilation?"↵-Jeddeg, philosopher of graves
Walking Dead①The Walking Dead are the remains of freakish experiments by the Necromantic Lords.
Walking Desecration①Such sacrilege turns blinding grief into blinding rage.
Walking Dream①Dreams, by definition, live shorter lives than those who dream them.
Walking Sponge①Not only does it catch fish, it cleans them too.
Walking Wall①"The fortress is not what it seems."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Walking Wall①"The fortress is not what it seems."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Wall of Air①"Let the air itself protect you, for it is everywhere."↵-Master wizard
Wall of Air①"This 'standing windstorm' can hold us off indefinitely? Ridiculous!" Saying nothing, she put a pinch of salt on the table. With a bang she clapped her hands, and the salt disappeared, blown away.
Wall of Air①When no falcons fly, beware the sky.↵-Femeref aphorism
Wall of Blood①Blood is thicker than mortar.
Wall of Blossoms①"Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature."↵-Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Compensation"
Wall of Blossoms①"Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature."↵-Ralph Waldo Emerson,↵"Compensation"
Wall of Blossoms①Each flower identical, every leaf and petal disturbingly exact.
Wall of Bone①"Good neighbors make good walls."↵-Jakkarak the Maimer
Wall of Bone①"Graveyards are sacrilege! A waste of perfectly good bones."↵-Keren-Dur, necromancer lord
Wall of Bone①A skeletal wall, strengthened by the souls of traitors, rings the city of the Eastern Paladin.
Wall of Bone①The Wall of Bone is said to be an aspect of the Great Wall in Hel, where the bones of all sinners wait for Ragnarok, when Hela will call them forth for the final battle.
Wall of Brambles①"What else, when chaos draws all forces inward to shape a single leaf." -Conrad Aiken
Wall of Brambles①"What else, when chaos draws all forces inward to shape a single leaf."↵-Conrad Aiken
Wall of Brambles①Sleeping in brambles↵-Elven phrase meaning "plagued by guilt"
Wall of Caltrops①"Ow! Ow ow ow! Oooh, ow, OW!"
Wall of Corpses①"I shall make walls of their flesh, and their blood will be my mortar."↵-Kaervek
Wall of Denial①It provides what every discerning mage requires-time to think.
Wall of Diffusion①"The injury was being caught between this world and our own; the insult was to find walls within."↵-Lyna, Soltari emissary
Wall of Diffusion①"The injury was being caught between this world and our own; the insult was to find walls within."↵-Lyna, soltari emissary
Wall of Distortion①It reflects only nightmares.
Wall of Dust①An ever-moving swarm of dust engulfs and disorients anything that comes near.
Wall of Earth①The ground shuddered violently and the earth seemed to come to life. The elemental force contained in the vast wall of earth was trapped, bent to its controller's will.
Wall of Essence①"If you cannot turn your enemy's strength to weakness, then make that strength your own."↵-Gresha, warrior sage
Wall of Essence①The ceiling and the floor fell in love, but only the wall knew.↵-Dal saying
Wall of Faith①"This is a fine suit, armorsmith. I will be safe from harm. If only you could forge rings to mail the rest of my people . . ."↵-Lord Hilneth
Wall of Fire①"Struggle, and you will only fan the flames."↵-Talibah, embermage
Wall of Fire①Conjured from the bowels of hell, the fiery wall forms an impassable barrier, searing the soul of any creature attempting to pass through its terrible bursts of flame.
Wall of Fire①Mercy is for those who keep their distance.
Wall of Fire①The erupting flames work as both barrier and weapon.
Wall of Fortune①"You need a six? All right everyone, she needs a six!"
Wall of Frost①"I have seen countless petty warmongers gaze on it for a time before turning away."↵-Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Wall of Frost①"I welcome it. The pasture is cleared of weeds and the wolves are frozen solid."↵-Lumi, goatherd
Wall of Glare①The blinding barrier served Benalia better than a hundred shields.
Wall of Granite①The wisest man builds his house *behind* the rock.
Wall of Heat①At a distance, we mistook the sound for a waterfall . . .
Wall of Heat①At a distance, we mistook the sound for a waterfall . . . .
Wall of Hope①"What cage would you rather be inside of than out?"↵-Daru riddle
Wall of Ice①"And through the drifts the snowy cliffs Did send a dismal sheen: Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken- The ice was all between." -Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Wall of Ice①"And through the drifts the snowy cliffs/ Did send a dismal sheen:/ Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken-/ The ice was all between."/ -Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Wall of Ice①"And through the drifts the snowy cliffs/ Did send a dismal sheen:/ Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken-/ The ice was all between."/↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Wall of Ice①"And through the drifts the snowy cliffs↵Did send a dismal sheen:↵Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken-↵The ice was all between."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Wall of Junk①Urza saw the wall and realized that even if he tore every Phyrexian to pieces, they would still resist him.
Wall of Kelp①"Ya can eat it or ya can weave it, but ya can't fight in it."↵-Zeki, Reef Pirate
Wall of Kelp①"Ya can eat it or ya can weave it, but ya can't fight in it."↵-Zeki, reef pirate
Wall of Lava①"Now *there's* something you don't see every day."↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Wall of Light①As many attackers were dazzled by the wall's beauty as were halted by its force.
Wall of Lost Thoughts①Those who intrude upon the Dimir seldom remember that they have done so.
Wall of Mist①Fog haunts the streets, rendering the familiar as otherworldly, changing neighbors into shadows, and muffling cries for help.
Wall of Mist①The seafloor is flecked with the bones of fools who dared to sail into the mist.
Wall of Mulch①Mulch is the fabric of life in the forest. Plants live in it, they die in it, and then they become part of it, feeding countless generations to come.
Wall of Omens①"I search for a vision of Zendikar that does not include the Eldrazi."↵-Expedition journal entry
Wall of Omens①"What will be has always been."↵-Wall inscription
Wall of One Thousand Cuts①Families of the fallen donate the swords of their loved ones to bolster the city's defenses.
Wall of Opposition①Like so many obstacles in life, the Wall of Opposition is but an illusion, held fast by the focus and belief of the one who creates it.
Wall of Pine Needles①The power of the forest takes a hundred forms. Some are more surprising than others.
Wall of Razors①"In this blessed structure let the very walls baptize themselves in the blood of intruders."↵-Stronghold architect, journal
Wall of Resistance①Telim'Tor could no longer recall the exact number of assaults-but his troops could.
Wall of Reverence①The lives of elves are long, but their memories are longer. Even after death, they do not desert their homes.
Wall of Roots①"Mana grows and changes like the roots of a plant. Like a plant, it must be nurtured."↵-Nissa Revane
Wall of Roots①Root systems in Mwonvuli twist through currents of mana rather than soil.
Wall of Roots①Sometimes the wise ones wove their magic into living plants; as the plant grew, so grew the magic.
Wall of Runes①"It's strangely satisfying seeing an undead killing machine from another world standing befuddled in front of a wall of text."↵-Lavinia
Wall of Shields①"It's the pokey bits that hurt the most."↵-Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Wall of Souls①"It is the nature of evil to turn you against yourself."↵-Starke
Wall of Spears①"A stick is your friend. A pointed stick is your good friend. An army of pointed sticks is your best friend."↵-Onean sergeant
Wall of Spears①Even the most conservative generals revised their tactics after the Battle of Sarinth, during which a handful of peasant-pikemen held off a trio of rampaging Craw Wurms.
Wall of Spears①Even the most conservative generals revised their tactics after the Battle of Sarinth, during which a handful of peasant-pikemen held off a trio of rampaging craw wurms.
Wall of Stone①The Earth herself lends her strength to these walls of living stone, which possess the stability of ancient mountains. These mighty bulwarks thwart ground-based troops, providing welcome relief for weary warriors who defend the land.
Wall of Stone①The ground itself lends its strength to these walls of living stone, which possess the stability of ancient mountains. These mighty bulwarks thwart ground-based troops, providing welcome relief for weary warriors who defend the land.
Wall of Swords①"When I said we needed more swords to protect the realm, this was not quite what I had in mind."↵-Olander, tactician of the Northern Verge
Wall of Swords①Just as the evil ones approached to slay Justina, she cast a great spell, imbuing her weapons with her own life force. Thus she fulfilled the prophecy: "In the death of your savior will you find salvation."
Wall of Swords①Sharper than wind, lighter than air.
Wall of Swords①The air hummed with the scissoring sound of uncounted blades that hovered in front of the invaders as though wielded by a phalanx of unseen hands.
Wall of Tanglecord①Rootlike fibers travel far from Mirrodin's metallic forests, emerging from the crust to drink in the mana-infused sunlight.
Wall of Tears①"Many have been lost to pity."↵-Karn, silver golem
Wall of Torches①The foolish try to leap through the unlit spaces. The arrogant believe the fires harmless. The wise find a different door.
Wall of Vapor①"Walls of a castle are made out of stone,/ Walls of a house out of bricks or of wood./ My walls are made out of magic alone,/ Stronger than any that ever have stood."↵-Chrysoberyl Earthsdaughter, *Incantations*
Wall of Vines①Like all jungle plants, the vines must fight and claw for sunlight. Once their place is secured, they grow strong, sharp, and impenetrable.
Wall of Vipers①What wall can never be climbed, but is always scaled?↵-Nakaya riddle
Wall of Water①A deafening roar arose as the fury of an enormous vertical river supplanted our serenity. Eddies turned into whirling geysers, leveling everything in their path.
Wall of Wonder①So confusing is the Wall's appearance that few of its victims even see it move.
Wall of Wonder①They wondered at the size of it. It wondered which to eat first.
Wall of Wood①Everybody knows that to ward off trouble, you knock on wood. But usually it's better to make a wall out of the wood and let trouble do the knocking.
Wall of Wood①Orcish lumberjacks spent the night sharpening their blades and resting for a day of labor. They awoke to find that the forest had been making its own preparations.
Wallop①In Yavimaya, flying low to join a battle can be a costly mistake.
Wand of Denial①You'll never miss what you never had.
Wand of Vertebrae①Made by the mad for the work of the wicked.
Wand of the Elements①It gives legs to the earth and wings to the sky.
Wander in Death①Forever restless. Forever growing in number.
Wanderbrine Rootcutters①Most dirtwalkers only know of the vicious merrows that dwell in the shallows. They can't begin to fathom the wickedness that skulks in the Dark Meanders.
Wanderer's Intervention①Just as Jin-Gitaxias's victory seemed certain, the Wanderer appeared, her blade already in motion. One mighty slash was enough to take the praetor out of the fight.
Wanderer's Strike①"Precise, clean cuts. No one saw anything. Again. Tag the report with my code and file it."↵-Lavinia
Wanderer's Twig①For every tree who falls, there are countless sprouts waiting to rise.
Wanderguard Sentry①Created by the vedalken to guard Lumengrid, the drones' empty eyes look beyond the Quicksilver Sea.
Wanderguard Sentry①It allows those with dangerous weapons to pass. But not those with dangerous thoughts.
Wandering Archaic①"Fly the path of nine birds."
Wandering Champion①"Learn from your enemies, but do not tolerate them."
Wandering Eye①The evincar has many ways of keeping track of his subjects.
Wandering Goblins①Tired of waiting for a dragon to eat them, some hardy goblins struck out to become meals for the unknown.
Wandering Graybeard①His tales are as tall as he is, and only a giant's life is long enough to listen to them all.
Wandering Ones①"I saw them once, when I was a child. They led me to my parents' arms when I was lost. Why have they abandoned me now? Why won't they take me home again?"↵-Unnamed beggar
Wandering Stream①"Dominaria touches us all."↵-Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Wandering Tombshell①The crumbling temples on the tortoise's back are monuments to the decadence of the ancient Sultai. Though it harkens back to the era of the khans, Silumgar allows it to walk his territory as a warning to those who would oppose him.
Wandering Troubadour①"There's a new ballad waiting to be born around every corner."
Wandering Wolf①Humans still feared wolves, though no connection between them and the curse of lycanthropy had ever been proved.
Wanderlight Spirit①The towers and catwalks of the Voldaren fortress are lit by the lanterns of geists endlessly seeking a way out.
Wanderlust①"How terrible to wander wishing only to escape oneself."↵-Taysir
Wandermare①"A good steed will carry you home. A great steed will carry you to glory."↵-Syr Alin, the Lion's Claw
Wanderwine Hub①Below the great river, a bustling hub channels the flow of merrow trade.
Wanted Scoundrels①"Trust me. The reward's not worth it."
War Behemoth①"The Houses always hope for peace, but we always pack for war."↵-Gvar Barzeel, krumar commander
War Cadence①The rhythm isn't a call to arms, but a signal that the goblins have made a new enemy.
War Chariot①"I wouldn't advise using it with a Woolly Mammoth, but it's quite appropriate for many other beasts."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
War Elephant①"When elephants fight it is the grass that suffers." -Kikuyu Proverb
War Elephant①"When elephants fight it is the grass that suffers."↵-Kikuyu proverb
War Falcon①The falcon is the picture of nobility, maintaining a regal bearing even as it conducts the bloody business of war.
War Flare①"No sun or fire can warm my blood quite like a war flare."↵-Urut Barzeel, Mardu hordechief
War Horn①The reverberations course through the warriors' veins, beat with their hearts, and pound with their footfalls as they charge into battle.
War Mammoth①I didn't think Mammoths could ever hold a candle to a well-trained battle horse. Then one day I turned my back on a drunken soldier. His blow never landed; Mi'cha flung the brute over ten meters.
War Mammoth①I didn't think mammoths could ever hold a candle to a well-trained battle horse. Then one day I turned my back on a drunken soldier. His blow never landed; Mi'cha flung the brute over ten meters.
War Oracle①"When you are felled by my mace, you shall know it was divine fate."
War Priest of Thune①"Let nothing take away from the purity of swords clashing or of arrows taking flight toward the breast of evil."
War Priest of Thune①"The sacred might of Thune thunders in my soul."
War Report①Underling Ethu's 263rd report read simply "Yes, my lord. Overwhelmingly, my lord." This marked the end of the Mirran-Phyrexian War.
War Room①A figure is moved on a map, and the tide of war changes.
War Screecher①Soaring over Vitu-Ghazi, New Prahv, and Orzhova, the Conclave's trained falcons provided critical intelligence.
War Tax①The worst thing about being a depraved pirate is having to work with a bunch of depraved pirates.
War's Toll①Razia, archangel of war, demands total commitment.
War-Name Aspirant①No battle means more to a Mardu warrior than the one that earns her war name.
War-Spike Changeling①"Aren't there boggarts enough in Lorwyn? Couldn't it turn into a sheep? Or a sunflower?"↵-Olly of Goldmeadow
War-Torch Goblin①"In a town shaped by the subtle machinations and political intrigue of its guilds, it's reassuring to see a goblin waving his torch and screaming about some nonsense or other."↵-Agrus Kos
War-Wing Siren①Once she sang sailors to their doom. Now she leads them to glory.
Warchanter Skald①"Who will be the hero of my tale?"
Warclamp Mastiff①"One bite from that dog will send you to the healer's tent for days."↵-Watchmaster Finn of An Karras
Warcry Phoenix①War begins with one red ember.
Ward Sliver①The first wave of slivers perished from the Riptide wizards' magic. The second wave shrugged off their spells like water.
Ward of Bones①Mages dare not attempt magic in its grotesque presence.
Ward of Piety①Reluctant to strike at the kami directly, some kitsune trained in more passive fighting techniques.
Warded Battlements①In dire times, even a place of refuge can become a weapon of war.
Warden of Evos Isle①On Evos Isle, the swift and formidable aven enforce the will of the ruling sphinxes.
Warden of Geometries①The wastelands disorient even the most experienced scouts, making them easy prey for Kozilek's drones.
Warden of the Beyond①He draws strength from a vast source few mortals can fathom. Designed by Isaiah Cartwright
Warden of the Chained①"Strength, skill, rage-all have their limits, but patience can be infinite."
Warden of the Eye①The wardens guard the sacred documents of Tarkir's history, though they are forbidden to read the words.
Warden of the Woods①Weak and strong alike seek shelter beneath its branches.
Wardscale Crocodile①"The Eternals had to endure Amonkhet's five trials. Let's see if they can pass the Trial of Ravnica."↵-Jace Beleren
Wardscale Dragon①Dromoka's brood emerge from the dragon tempests covered with tough scales that protect them from most clan weapons and magic.
Warehouse Thief①Wealthy patriars make up the vast majority of both his victims and his customers.
Warfire Javelineer①Minotaurs favor magic that manifests as weapons wrapped in flame.
Wargate①Bant mages still call to the heavens for aid, but angels are not the only ones who answer.
Warhorn Blast①"Mead down! Swords up!"
Warhost's Frenzy①Keldons may be outnumbered, but they are never outmatched.
Warleader's Helix①"There is no time to remedy our enemies' ignorance. Blast it out of them."↵-Aurelia
Warlord's Axe①To split wood with it would be sacrilege. This tool has but one purpose, and that is war.
Warlord's Fury①"The old ways were for a winter world. We do what's best for us, not for the past. We are Keldons!"↵-Grand Warlord Radha
Warm Welcome①"Welcome to the family. Chef Rocco sends their congratulations."
Warmind Infantry①Before Aurelia denounced Niv-Mizzet, the two guilds had collaborated on the Warmind Initiative in pursuit of the ultimate soldier.
Warmonger Hellkite①Its wings beat to the howls of war and fan the fires of rage.
Warmonger's Chariot①The best defense is a good offense.
Warmonger①Funny how money and war travel so well together.
Warmth①"Flame grows gentle with but a little distance."↵-Orim, Samite healer
Warning①"The folk of the Karplusan Mountains are impossible to ambush."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Warning①"The folk of the Karplusan mountains are impossible to ambush."↵-Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Warpath Ghoul①Ghouls are often found skulking on the fringes of great battles, showing themselves only to snatch the wounded and weak, dragging their victims screaming into the shadows.
Warpath Ghoul①The battle was over, but the carnage continued for days.
Warpath①Cho-Manno had never seen Mercadia City's forces fight so well. The magistrate must have hired a new hero.
Warped Devotion①"Before the glory of Yawgmoth, yes, even this makes sense."↵-Urza, to Gerrard
Warped Devotion①"The spirit of the devout is easily crushed by the loss of hope."↵-Fallen angel
Warped Landscape①Each cryptolith twists the plane's mana, bending its flow to a singular purpose.
Warped Physique①The Gruul seek unbounded strength. The Dimir deliver cruel irony.
Warped Researcher①New insights yield new senses.
Warping Wurm①Even wurms start out small.
Warren Instigator①"Danger! Danger! Come out of the safety of your holes!"
Warren Instigator①There is always a rabble to be roused.
Warren Pilferers①"What do they need all this stuff for? They're dead. We're alive. Simple enough."
Warren Weirding①"And that's when it was discovered that boggarts have just half a brain."↵-*The Book of Other Folk*
Warren-Scourge Elf①"If one can associate any virtue with the eyeblights, it is the talent some achieve in disposing of them. I have seen the slaying of boggarts raised nearly to an art form."↵-Fiala, Gilt-Leaf winnower
Warrior Angel①She represents not hope, but hope's desperate fury.
Warrior en-Kor①Only a matter as vital as destroying Volrath could bring together the reclusive Kor people.
Warrior en-Kor①Only a matter as vital as destroying Volrath could bring together the reclusive kor people.
Warrior's Charge①It is not the absence of fear that makes a warrior, but its domination.
Warrior's Honor①"No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave."↵-Calvin Coolidge
Warrior's Honor①"The day will come when the righteous warrior faces a battle she cannot win. She will greet that day as she has any other."↵-Asmira, holy avenger
Warrior's Honor①"We are to be bound together as the reeds of a basket."↵-Asmira, Rashida, and Jabari, unity chant
Warrior's Oath①"I swear this before all gods old and new: I will fight to my last breath."
Warrior's Oath①"If I fail, my head is yours."↵-Warrior's oath common during the Three Kingdoms period
Warriors' Lesson①"Let each challenge make you a better warrior."↵-Anthousa of Setessa
Warstorm Surge①"Listen to the roar! Feel the thunder! The Immersturm shouts its approval with every bolt of lightning!"
Warstorm Surge①Khorne's sole desire is to drown the galaxy in a tide of slaughter. To conquer and kill every living thing, until there is nothing left but spilled blood and shattered bone.
Warteye Witch①Eyeballs that portend unpleasant futures become slimy snacks instead.
Warthog①"Too much work-it takes a long time to break them in, and more than a few recruits."↵-Grebog, goblin swine-rider
Wary Okapi①"Be like the grazers of the Saruli. Keep your herd close, and stay alert for encroaching danger."↵-Lalia, Selesnya dryad
Wash Away①"May the ocean take it"↵-Nephalia expression meaning↵"good riddance"
Wash Out①"It's not the darkness I fear but dull and numbing shades of gray."↵-Sydri, galvanic genius
Wash Out①"Perhaps planning should become a higher priority for me."↵-Dack Fayden
Wash Out①"Rest now. You've neither won nor lost, but this battle is over for you just the same."↵-Teferi
Wasitora, Nekoru Queen①Once a fierce foe, she would become one of Madara's greatest protectors.
Wasp Lancer①"I doubt that faeries understand how short their lives are, compared to the rest of us. If they did, would they so readily charge into battle, heedless of the danger before them?"↵-Awylla, elvish safewright
Wasp of the Bitter End①As the Second Sun glided into its final position in the sky, a chorus of wings sounded to herald the return of Nicol Bolas.
Waste Away①Chainer's insanity touched nearly every living thing-including viruses.
Waste Not①Designed by the Magic community
Wasteland Scorpion①All but the gods fear the scorpion's sting.
Wasteland Viper①"The Gruul embrace all things poisonous and living in the cracks of society."↵-Teysa Karlov
Wasteland Viper①"The Gruul embrace all things poisonous and living in the cracks of society."↵-Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Wasteland①"I will show you fear in a handful of dust."↵-T. S. Eliot, "The Waste Land"
Wasteland①"The land promises nothing and keeps its promise."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Wasteland①"The land promises nothing and keeps its promise."↵-Oracle en-Vec
Wasteland①2013 Legacy Championship Winner
Wasteland①2021 Legacy Champion
Wasteland①The land was left depleted and empty, an unsettling taste of things to come.
Wasteland①The library's scrolls have long since crumbled into swirling desert sands.
Watchdog①Its growl is a long, rumbling grind of gears and clockwork, its bark a blast of hissing steam.
Watcher Sliver①"I have spied them, wandering and watching-but for what? I fear they watch for us."↵-Yonat of Amrou
Watcher in the Web①"Lost in the woods" is an optimistic way to describe a villager's disappearance. "Found in the woods" is frequently more appropriate.
Watchers of the Dead①They are tasked with protecting the entrance to the embalming chambers.
Watchful Automaton①"Before we can destroy our enemies, we must find them. We must peer into every wretched hovel and every teeming market."↵-Baral, Chief of Compliance
Watchful Giant①Loitering is not only illegal but unwise, since those who stay too long in one place are apt to be stepped on.
Watchful Naga①The forked tongue of the naga is sensitive to drifting scent trails from the past, present, and sometimes even the future.
Watchwing Scarecrow①The wings are held in place by wicker rods. The rods are held in place by pure faith.
Watchwolf①Only in Ravnica do the wolves watch the flock.
Water Elemental①The water that a ship sails on is the same water that swallows it up.↵-Chinese proverb
Water Elemental①Unpredictable as the sea itself, Water Elementals shift without warning from tranquility to tempest. Capricious and fickle, they flow restlessly from one shape to another, expressing their moods with their physical forms.
Water Elemental①Unpredictable as the sea itself, water elementals shift without warning from tranquility to tempest. Capricious and fickle, they flow restlessly from one shape to another, expressing their moods with their physical forms.
Water Servant①"This creature has innate perceptiveness. It knows when to rise and when to vanish into the tides."↵-Jestus Dreya, *Of Elements and Eternity*
Watercourser①"Beware an eddy where there should be none or a stretch that flows too fast or too slow."↵-Old Fishbones, Martyne river guide
Waterfall Aerialist①Form and function in perfect unity.
Waterfront Bouncer①Closing time comes earlier to some than to others.
Waterfront District①The bottom of the dark canals is littered with countless corpses and treasures.
Waterkin Shaman①"They come to drink, to bathe, and-I believe-to play."
Waterlogged Grove①The trees pull water from deep underground, filling the forest for miles.
Watermarket①Shopping List↵Lamp-hand attachment↵X-ray contact lenses↵Discount death ray↵Two-headed hammer↵Kitten-fish
Waterspout Djinn①"Fly us higher, out of its storm."↵-Sisay, Captain of the *Weatherlight*
Waterspout Djinn①"Fly us higher, out of its storm."↵-Sisay, captain of the *Weatherlight*
Watertrap Weaver①The river is a powerful friend.
Waterwhirl①"Be as water: untamed and unheld, yet inexorably flowing toward a greater goal."↵-Shensu, Riverwheel mystic
Watery Grave①"Aye, ships go missing in the Stormwreck Sea all the time. That's why we don't call it the Calmsafe Current."↵-Captain Lannery Storm
Watery Grave①"I fear that as we scurry after phantoms, the Dimir pull nine puppet strings."↵-Ral Zarek
Watery Grave①Few believe Duskmantle exists. Fewer find it. None live to bear witness.
Wave Elemental①"Consider the wave: how weak the mother yet how strong the child."↵-Tywanna, Shaper Guildmage
Wave of Indifference①"Darius?"↵"Yeah?"↵"There's a goblin sneaking up on you."↵"So?"↵"Just sayin'."
Wave of Reckoning①Inner conflict can defeat a soldier more quickly than any army.
Wave of Reckoning①We shall suffer turmoil equal to that which we have wrought, whether in this life or the next.
Wave of Terror①The sea of fear has endless depths.
Wave-Wing Elemental①"Do you see? All of Tazeem strains at its tether."↵-Noyan Dar, Tazeem roilmage
Wavebreak Hippocamp①Tritons search for omens in its wake.
Waveskimmer Aven①The greatest gift you can give a sea aven is solitude.
Waxing Moon①"Show them what it means to be the source of nightmares!"↵-Ulrich, Krallenhorde alpha
Way of the Thief①A true shortcut isn't a way other people don't know; it's a way other people can't go.
Wayfarer's Bauble①Anrakyr the Traveler awoke from his slumber with a singular goal: to rebuild a united Necron galaxy.
Wayfarer's Bauble①Druids hold certain plants to be sacred and use their leaves and wood as a spellcasting focus.
Wayfarer's Bauble①It is the forest beyond the horizon, the mountain waiting to be climbed, the new land across the endless sea.
Wayfarer's Bauble①When Chaos makes a tool that isn't specifically for destroying things, it's usually for finding new things to destroy.
Wayfaring Giant①Its stature and stride increase with each step it takes.
Waylay①"You reek of corruption," spat the knight. "Why are you even here?"
Wayward Disciple①". . . and I will prove my devotion."
Wayward Giant①"The giants follow the flow of aether, and twice a year it leads them through here. Lesson learned. More clearance is needed."↵-Sram, senior edificer
Wayward Guide-Beast①Goblin cavalry tactics consist of pointing a beast in a direction and hanging on for as long as possible.
Wayward Servant①If one of the anointed fails to serve with perfect obedience, the desert is always ready to receive it.
Wayward Soul①"No home, no heart, no hope."↵-Stronghold graffito
Wayward Soul①"no home no heart no hope"↵-Stronghold graffito
Weakness①"For strength to have any meaning, there must also be . . . you."
Weakstone①During the brothers' childhood, Tocasia took them to explore the sacred cave of Koilos. There, in the Hall of Tagsin, Mishra discovered the mysterious weakstone.
Weapon Rack①No weapon stays on the rack for long in the Burning Yard.
Weaponcraft Enthusiast①"No, I don't believe they have the proper permits for those, but I'm not going to be the one to ask."↵-Caru, Consulate warden
Weaponize the Monsters①Revenge is a path inevitably walked alone.
Weapons Trainer①"When I'm done training you, anything will be a deadly weapon."
Weary Prisoner①"Your guard attacked me. He got what was coming to him."
Weaselback Redcap①"I would rather cast myself into the abyss than let my blood stain the cap of those monsters."↵-Syr Alin, the Lion's Claw
Weather the Storm①"Neither blade nor tempest can assail the serenity of a tranquil mind."↵-*The Turrau Carvings*
Weather the Storm①"Quell your ego and anywhere can be as calm as a hurricane's eye."
Weatherseed Elf①"My grandmother once told me the future of our world was inside the Weatherseed. When I touched it, I knew she was right."
Weatherseed Faeries①Two days after the forge was completed, the faeries were immune to its flames.
Weave Fate①Destiny is a flickering path among tangled possibilities.
Weave Fate①Temur shamans speak of three destinies: the now, the echo of the past, and the unwritten. They find flickering paths among tangled possibilities.
Weaver of Blossoms①Living in harmony with nature . . .
Weaver of Currents①"Your waters sustain the living and carry the dead. Mighty Luxa, let your power flow through me!"
Weaver of Lightning①"Lightning in a bottle? That's not where I need it."
Web Shot①"Filthy, sticky, vile, noxious-and I haven't even started describing the webs."↵-Erinis, gloom stalker
Web of Inertia①Cephalids specialize in lose-lose situations.
Webweaver Changeling①Eight legs carrying endless phobias.
Wedding Crasher①He raged not just against vampires, but against civilization itself.
Wedding Festivity①Vampires from every bloodline mingled together, all swelling with pride to be seen at the event of the century.
Wedding Invitation①RSVP at your own risk.
Wedding Security①In lieu of payment, he was granted permission to devour any unauthorized visitors.
Wee Champion①Nobody had ever won the bear, but then again, nobody had ever wanted it quite as much.
Wee Champion①Nobody has ever won the bear, but then again, nobody has ever wanted it quite as much.
Wee Dragonauts①"Something's causing electrospheric disruption in the blazekite's spire-vanes. Find the cause, and tell them to keep it up!"↵-Juzba, Izzet tinker
Wee Dragonauts①"The blazekite is a simple concept, really-just a vehicular application of dragscoop ionics and electropropulsion magnetronics."↵-Juzba, Izzet tinker
Weed-Pruner Poplar①"When Byoog reached down to pull up a bit of root for the stew, he didn't expect the root to pull back."↵-A tale of Auntie Wort
Wei Ambush Force①The battle of Puyang marked the beginning of the end for Lu Bu. He lost the city-and later his life-to Cao Cao.
Wei Elite Companions①Cao Cao was more concerned with capabilities than lineage. He excelled at recruiting and retaining men of talent to serve him.
Wei Infantry①Wei won the battle of Hefei when Zhang Liao defeated Sun Quan and then foiled a Wu scheme to incite rebellion.
Wei Scout①He will win who, prepared himself, waits to take the enemy unprepared."↵-Sun Tzu, *Art of War* (trans. Giles)
Wei Strike Force①At the battle of Chang'an, Ma Chao defeated the two generals Cao Cao sent to guard the pass but was forced to flee when Cao Cao's trickery turned his own ally against him.
Weigh Down①The draugr often drown intruders. Years later, their corpses rise from the depths to join the ranks of the Dread Marn.
Weight Advantage①When immovable object turns to unstoppable force, it's best to just get out of the way.
Weight of Conscience①Sometimes the weight of the world on your shoulders is a literal one.
Weight of Memory①In lives that have stretched for centuries, there are bound to be a few awkward silences.
Weight of Spires①"Finally, a good use for an Azorius courthouse."↵-Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Weight of the Underworld①Proud Alkmenos, who would not bow to Erebos in death, is now bowed by his own hubris for all eternity.
Weird Harvest①Krosa's distorted groves bear strange fruit.
Weirded Vampire①"Emrakul makes apparent those whom she has favored."↵-Runo Stromkirk
Weirding Shaman①All boggarts have an auntie, but they don't all have a mum.
Welcome Home①The middle blade was just right.
Welcoming Vampire①From the moment they arrived, wedding guests were met with a pageant of wealth and excess.
Welder Automaton①Most of the constructs the renegades used against the Consulate weren't originally intended for combat. But some didn't require much modification.
Weldfast Engineer①"Let's err on the side of glorious mayhem."
Weldfast Monitor①The avant-garde among Ghirapur's inventors disregard the Consulate's safety standards completely.
Weldfast Wingsmith①"Airships are too confining. If I'm in the sky, I want to feel the wind in my hair and taste the aether."
Welding Jar①The wires crawl over broken metal and heat themselves to melting, filling cracks quickly and efficiently.
Welding Sparks①"The fires of invention burn in all of us. I fight for the freedom to unleash those flames."↵-Pia Nalaar
Welkin Guide①"Those talons really dig into your skin, but it's better than being dropped."↵-Rafiq of the Many
Welkin Tern①"It preys on other birds. And drakelings. And drakes. Pretty much anything that crosses its flight path is fair game."↵-Amira, skycaptain of Thune
Welkin Tern①"The sky hedrons are covered with tern nests. It's as though the birds have given up on the land altogether."↵-Ilori, merfolk falconer
Welkin Tern①It stops flying only as its life comes to an end.
Welkin Tern①Sailors have come to regard them as bad luck, for they falsely bring hope of land.
Well Done①"What's the big deal? I've been on fire eighty-one times. Twice just while sleeping."↵-Devil K. Nevil, daredevil extraordinaire
Well of Discovery①When you have given everything, then you are capable of anything.↵-Well inscription
Well of Life①When you have given everything, then you have everything to gain.↵-Well inscription
Well of Lost Dreams①Some say the knowledge lost during the Ritual of Rebuking is returned through the well's waters.
Well-Laid Plans①"I knew this day would come," said Urza. Looking at the destruction, Barrin sighed, "You don't have to revel in it."
Wellgabber Apothecary①"You've discovered that boggarts bite, I see. And will the militia be chasing this lot? . . . Ah, you're staying in town to avoid Nath's hunt. Wise. Now this poultice . . ."
Wellwisher①"Close your ears to the voice of greed, and you can turn a gift for one into a gift for many."
Werebear①He exercises his right to bear arms.
Werebear①To become is to understand.
Western Paladin①"Expect nothing but scorn, flattery, and lies. And never turn your back on him."↵-Northern paladin
Western Paladin①"Expect nothing but scorn, flattery, and lies. And never turn your back on him."↵-The Northern Paladin
Western Paladin①"Their weak laws. Their flawed systems. They inhibit the Grand Evolution. In Yawgmoth's name, we shall erase them."↵-Oath of the West
Wet Willie of the Damned①Ever the warrior, Glissa responded with a "wedgie from beyond Uranus."
Wetland Sambar①As a test of calm and compassion, a Jeskai monk softly approaches a grazing sambar and offers it a lotus from his or her hand. If the creature eats, the student ascends to the next level of training.
Whack①"It's just business. You understand."
Whalebone Glider①"It's no Ornithopter, but then I'm no Urza."↵-Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
What's Yours Is Now Mine①"Vow your allegiance to true power."
Wheel of Sun and Moon①Every life ends, but life itself never does.
Wheel of Torture①"I'd like to buy a bowel."
Whelming Wave①"I can see why this appeals to Thassa."↵-Kiora
When Fluffy Bunnies Attack①"Get it? Bunnies, letters, -X/-X? Me neither."↵-Bucky, flavor text writer
When We Were Young①Since Imperial custom strictly forbade the Emperor to reveal her name-even to Kaito, her closest childhood friend-she had to suffer him calling her "your emperorness" for much of their shared youth.
When Will You Learn?①"Don't fret, infants. It wouldn't have worked anyway."
Where Ancients Tread①"Never subtle nor cryptic is the reckoning of the mighty."↵-Mayael the Anima
Whetstone①To hone swords and dull minds.↵-Whetstone inscription
Which of You Burns Brightest?①"Let that be a lesson to you, your family, and everyone you've ever known."
Whimwader①"Thought? Deceit? Progress? Now you're just making it hungry."↵-Abral, kithkin alchemist
Whip Sergeant①Keldon soldiers learn to move faster than the whip.
Whip Silk①Llanowar forges weapons of steel. Yavimaya grows her weapons within.
Whip-Spine Drake①"I swear the clouds were created just so the drakes would have a place to lurk."↵-Kasharri, skyknight
Whipcorder①His bolas whirl like galaxies, but it's his enemies who see stars.
Whipflare①The slag-workers wasted no time in creating their own flare pulses to cleanse the area of the *incompleat*.
Whipgrass Entangler①"Now that I have your attention, perhaps I can tell you of the Order."
Whipkeeper①"If you don't hit your adversaries while they're down, they might get up again."
Whippoorwill①If the Whippoorwill remains silent, the soul has not reached its reward.
Whipstitched Zombie①Pity the tailor.
Whiptail Moloch①"It wags its tail when it's happy. It wags its tail when it's angry. Nope, there's no good time to be around a whiptail."↵-Rugar, Leaguehall Infirmary patient
Whiptail Wurm①It's hard to say for certain which end is more dangerous.
Whiptongue Frog①Their favorite food? Wind dancers.
Whiptongue Hydra①"Where'd all the birds go?"↵-Kaldrin, jungle sightseer
Whir of Invention①"Magic hat, I'm gonna be frank. What we need now is a twenty-ton tank!"
Whirler Virtuoso①The first tentative flaps are like a song to his soul.
Whirlermaker①"Our creations are more than mere things. They have life in them, little bits of ourselves."↵-Saheeli Rai
Whirling Catapult①"Direct confrontation never was to the Orcs' taste."↵-General Varchild
Whirling Catapult①"Direct confrontation never was to the orcs' taste."↵-General Varchild
Whirling Dervish①Amid this whirling hurricane of blades, there is no calm eye in which the hapless can find shelter.
Whirlpool Rider①Where the wind meets the water, change is inevitable.
Whirlwind Adept①The Flowing Staff technique does not differentiate between offense and defense.
Whirlwind Denial①"If they try to storm your palace, you must become the storm."↵-*Handbook of Imperial Spellcraft*
Whirlwind Denial①"No, no, and ... no."
Whirlwind of Thought①As Narset struggled to meditate, tiny dragonlings spiraled around her, conjuring thoughts of ancient clans.
Whirlwind①Urza tried to rule the air, but Gaea taught him that she controlled all the elements.
Whisk Away①The maneuvers of the Abzan formation intrigued Ojutai in both their complexity and their futility.
Whisper Agent①He has a job to finish, and it's you.
Whisper Squad①Ears can't hear them. Eyes see too many of them.
Whisper, Blood Liturgist①"Look how they beg for the knife! The Demonlord has trained them well."
Whisperer of the Wilds①She speaks only in whispers but can be heard over the fiercest storm.
Whispergear Sneak①Spy for today. Plan for tomorrow.
Whispering Shade①It glides through the shadows until it reaches yours.
Whispering Snitch①"Sure, I hear things. I hear plenty. But how am I to talk with this parched throat?"
Whispering Wizard①Ivold was aghast when his device revealed the full scope of the geist infestation.
Whispers of Emrakul①Your thoughts are no longer your own.
Whispers of the Muse①"I followed her song only to find it was a dirge."↵-Crovax
Whispersilk Cloak①Such cloaks are in high demand both by assassins and by those who fear them.
White Dragon①White dragons are unparalleled hunters, keenly focused on slaughtering their enemies.
White Knight①"When good men die their goodness does not perish, / But lives though they are gone."↵-Euripides, *Termenidae*, trans. Morgan
White Knight①"When good men die their goodness does not perish, / But lives though they are gone."↵-Euripides,↵*Termenidae*, trans. Morgan
White Knight①In the wretched depths of the Grand Coliseum, his soul shines like a single torch blazing in the night.
White Knight①Out of the blackness and stench of the engulfing swamp emerged a shimmering figure. Only the splattered armor and ichor-stained sword hinted at the unfathomable evil the Knight had just laid waste.
White Knight①Out of the blackness and stench of the engulfing swamp emerged a shimmering figure. Only the splattered armor and ichor-stained sword hinted at the unfathomable evil the knight had just laid waste.
White Shield Crusader①"Honor your steed and it will carry you to great deeds-and bring you home to tell of them."
White Sun's Zenith①After the Battle of Liet Field, the white sun crested above Taj-Nar, bringing hope to all who survived the carnage.
Whitemane Lion①Saltfield nomads call a sudden storm a "whitemane."
Whitesun's Passage①All over the Razor Fields, Whitesun is celebrated. Even the followers of the rebel Juryan, far from the Cave of Light, bow their heads in reverence.
Whitewater Naiads①Stand against the crash of the river's rapids and you will know the power of the naiads.
Wicked Akuba①The sound of children weeping is a song that fills its heart with joy.
Wicked Guardian①"Some are born to greatness. You were born to scrub greatness's floors."
Wicked Reward①"The blood on my hands is merely proof of my ambition."↵-Kaervek
Wicker Picker①"Unless you're quicker, I wouldn't snicker."
Wicker Warcrawler①It's the twisted creation of a kithkin diviner who dreamed of very large crows.
Wicker Witch①When there were no more crows to scare, it focused its efforts elsewhere.
Wickerbough Elder①"Living scarecrows make a mockery of the natural order. Dead ones make fine hats."
Widespread Panic①"How thin is the veneer of civilization! A modest measure of panic will wash it off completely."↵-Guard Erdrud of An Karras
Wielding the Green Dragon①Named for the eastern part of the sky, the source of energy and renewal, Guan Yu's crescent-moon blade weighed over 100 pounds.
Wight of Precinct Six①Even the lost and undead need a protector.
Wight①Wights want the world to resound with echoes of their own cruel hatred.
Wild Aesthir①"High in the Karplusans, death is swift and razor-clawed."↵-Arna Kennerud, Skycaptain
Wild Aesthir①"High in the Karplusans, death is swift and razor-clawed."↵-Arna Kennerud, skycaptain
Wild Aesthir①"What Barbarian secrets do they spy from their lofty perch?"↵-General Varchild
Wild Beastmaster①"When they covered the world in city, all they did was give themselves nowhere to run."
Wild Cantor①They are the voice of the wild, crying out with nature's fury and bringing forth its primeval might.
Wild Celebrants①"You can tell something's really valuable by the sound it makes when you slam your staff into it."
Wild Ceratok①Once part of a wealthy merchant's private zoo, the herd roams feral throughout the Tenth, where it will remain until the guilds can agree to relocate, cull, or befriend it.
Wild Colos①You'll never get a Keldon's goat.
Wild Defiance①"When civilization reaches out its greedy hand, take it off at the wrist."↵-Garruk Wildspeaker
Wild Elephant①"I will tell my father's stories . . . . How the elephants trampled the leopard cub, and its father, though he knew, killed nine goats instead."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Wild Endeavor①The wilds consume, but they also create.
Wild Griffin①"I abandoned my dream of a squadron of griffin-riders when the cost proved too high. Three trainers were eaten for every griffin broken to the bridle."↵-King Darien of Kjeldor
Wild Griffin①Farmers typically keep their flocks at thirteen sheep-one to distract the griffins while they take the other twelve to market.
Wild Griffin①Two little goblins, out in the sun. Down came a griffin, and then there was one.
Wild Growth①"Here in Fyndhorn, where Freyalise's power is strongest, the forest has its own opinion."↵-Laina of the Elvish Council
Wild Growth①If you stop to listen, you can hear it grow.
Wild Guess①No guts, no glory.
Wild Hunger①Otto the Hunter was filled with many grand ambitions. The snake was filled only with Otto.
Wild Instincts①Nissa had only the space of a heartbeat to react, her instincts steering her blade.
Wild Jhovall①Jhovalls sharpen their claws on trees-or on Mercadians, if no trees are handy.
Wild Leotau①"Leotau that were born wild make the best mounts. It's like riding a thunderstorm."↵-Rafiq of the Many
Wild Mammoth①"Sit. Heel! Down! HELP!"
Wild Might①The hunted can become the fiercest hunters.
Wild Mongrel①It teaches *you* to play dead.
Wild Nacatl①"The Cloud Nacatl sit and think, a bunch of soft paws. We are the Claws of Marisi, stalking, pouncing, drawing blood."
Wild Ox①It has the run of the swamps, and it knows it.
Wild Ricochet①"I knew that trick long before your great-grandmother's great-grandmother was born."
Wild Ricochet①"May your day never match your expectations."↵-Scriptus Fleen, flectomancer
Wild Slash①Never mistake deception for cleverness.
Wild Swing①Though the shaman rarely got what she wanted, she was never disappointed in the result.
Wild Wanderer①"We all began in nature, and nature is where we belong."
Wild Wurm①Wurm heads appear↵Wild wurm near↵Wurm tails you see↵Wild wurm flee
Wildcall①A howl on the wind hides many dangers.
Wilderness Elemental①"Don't be so quick to reclaim the thawing lands. They might have acquired a taste for freedom."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Wilderness Hypnotist①"I felt as if I were moving in brackish water, as if I were drowning, even though I knew I stood on dry land."↵-Dindun of Kulrath Mine
Wilderness Reclamation①"Walls crack. Buildings fall. Always the wilds return."↵-Domri Rade
Wildest Dreams①"I opened my mind to the immensity of the wonders around me. It was only then that I could see the Great Conduit."↵-Rashmi, aether-seer
Wildfire Devils①Devils sow grief and harvest glee.
Wildfire Elemental①"Fire is always dancing, leaping and whirling, seeking more fuel. It never rests, so why should I?"↵-Chandra Nalaar
Wildfire Emissary①"The efreet is a striding storm with a voice that crackles like fire."↵-Qhattib, Vizier of Amiqat
Wildfire Emissary①"The efreet is a striding storm with a voice that crackles like fire."↵-Qhattib, vizier of Amiqat
Wildfire①"Shiv hatched from a shell of stone around a yolk of flame."↵-Viashino myth
Wildfire①Fire is always at the top of the food chain, and it has a *big* appetite.
Wildfire①Fire is always at the top of the food chain, and it has a big appetite.
Wildgrowth Walker①"Hear me, stone, root, branch: be the fist of this land. Turn back those who trample upon your domain."↵-Song of the Shaper
Wildheart Invoker①"Life as we know it dangles on the brink of extinction. We must show the strength they would steal from us."↵-*The Invokers' Tales*
Wildsize①Two times the size, four times the smell.
Wildslayer Elves①Some elves battled too long in the deep shadow, their swords dipped too often in tainted flesh and poisoned blood.
Wildwood Geist①The geists that dwell in the deep forests of Kessig are as untamable as the woods themselves.
Wildwood Patrol①If you're lucky, the centaurs will give a single warning to leave their territory before driving a spear into you. If you're unlucky, the spear is the warning.
Wildwood Rebirth①In Ravnica, there are maladies far more difficult to treat than death.
Wildwood Tracker①"This one was wearing shoes made of glass. She'll be no ordinary prey."
Will of the All-Hunter①"It's Snapdax. You'd have a better chance of breaching a wall with a slice of bread."↵-Krek, daysquad captain
Will of the Naga①The charm of a naga is undeniable.
Will-Forged Golem①The modular nature of the automaton's design makes assembly perfectly intuitive.
Will-o'-the-Wisp①"About, about in reel and rout The death-fires danced at night; The water, like a witch's oils, Burnt green, and blue and white." -Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Will-o'-the-Wisp①"About, about in reel and rout The death-fires danced at night; The water, like a witch's oils, Burnt green, and blue and white."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Will-o'-the-Wisp①"About, about in reel and rout↵The death-fires danced at night;↵The water, like a witch's oils,↵Burnt green, and blue and white."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Will-o'-the-Wisp①"About, about, in reel and rout↵The death-fires danced at night;↵The water, like a witch's oils,↵Burnt green, and blue and white."↵-Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Will-o'-the-Wisp①"On dark nights you can still see the light of the Vess girl's lantern out in the Caligo, seeking her lost brother. Those who follow are doomed to join her endless search."↵-"The Fall of the House of Vess"
Willbreaker①"Master your mind, or I shall master it for you."
Willow Dryad①Some think that dryads are the dreams of trees.
Willow Elf①The forest lives in the elf as the elf lives in the forest.
Willow Faerie①"Swift as the wind and harder to catch- that's the Faeries for you."↵-Daria
Willow Faerie①"The Autumn Willow cannot be everywhere at once-that's what her grandchildren are for."↵-Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Willow Geist①Die beneath a tree, wake up a part of it.
Willow Priestess①"Those of faith are those of strength."↵-Autumn Willow
Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers①Every elf in Shadowmoor is charged from birth with a terrible duty: to strike back against the ugliness and darkness, even though they are all around and seemingly without end.
Wilt①Nothing returns from the nightmare nests of Indatha unscathed.
Wily Bandar①Part feline, part primate, all trouble.
Wily Goblin①Goblins climb and swing with ease, whether through a pirate ship's rigging or a tree's branches.
Wind Dancer①"Flying like a bird does not make you as free as one."↵-Volrath
Wind Dancer①"Take my hand and dance to the music of the winds."
Wind Dancer①The sky is her stage.
Wind Drake①"But high she shoots through air and light, Above all low delay, Where nothing earthly bounds her flight, Nor shadow dims her way."↵-Thomas Moore, "Oh that I had Wings"
Wind Drake①"No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings."↵-William Blake, *The Marriage of Heaven and Hell*
Wind Drake①"No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings."↵-William Blake,↵*The Marriage of Heaven and Hell*
Wind Drake①A smaller cousin to the dragon, drakes are often seen at the side of powerful wizards who use them as airborne eyes and ears.
Wind Drake①Air currents whip through the city corridors, creating wind tunnels that accelerate urban drakes toward their prey.
Wind Drake①Drakes prowl the skies of Kaladesh, waiting for the perfect moment to strike.
Wind Drake①Orim regarded Gerrard coolly. "You are like the drake," she said, her expression unchanging. "It works hard to maintain its position, but to us it seems to glide along effortlessly. You *must* do the same."
Wind Drake①Orim regarded Gerrard coolly. "You are like the drake," she said, her expression unchanging. "It works hard to maintain its position, but to us it seems to glide along effortlessly. You must do the same."
Wind Sail①It pays to be at home both on the sea *and* in the sky.
Wind Sail①It pays to be at home both on the sea and in the sky.
Wind Shear①"As the winds abated, there was a shower of dragonscales, then nothing more."↵-Azeworai, "The Unruly Wind"
Wind Spirit①" . . . When the trees bow down their heads, The wind is passing by."↵-Christina Rossetti,↵"Who Has Seen the Wind?"
Wind Spirit①" . . . [W]hen the trees bow down their heads, / The wind is passing by."↵-Christina Rossetti,↵"Who Has Seen the Wind?"
Wind Spirit①"To visit the sky requires bravery, and thought, and little else. To master the sky requires the binding of *its* masters, and little else."↵-Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Wind Spirit①"To visit the sky requires bravery, and thought, and little else. To master the sky requires the binding of its masters, and little else."↵-Arnjlot Olasson, sky mage
Wind Strider①"Currents are currents, whether in sea or sky."
Wind-Kin Raiders①Small aeronaut societies like the Wind-Kin had little to lose by siding with the renegades, and much to gain.
Windborn Muse①"Her voice is justice, clear and relentless."↵-Akroma, angelic avenger
Windborne Charge①The merfolk call the sky goddess Emeria. The kor call her Kamsa. The two races agree on little except that she offers many blessings to the faithful.
Windbrisk Raptor①It awakened to gloom-fouled skies and responded with a righteous rage that shook the heavens.
Windcaller Aven①Every cry lifts her allies toward the thunder.
Windfall①"Rich" is a relative term.
Windfall①"To fill your mind with knowledge, we must start by emptying it."↵-Barrin, master wizard
Windgrace Acolyte①Acolytes of the lost Lord Windgrace fight to keep Urborg relics out of Cabal hands.
Windgrace's Judgment①Not all who remember Urza do so with fondness.
Winding Way①Every path leads to discovery.
Winding Wurm①Entire trees were stripped of their bark and branches by the wurm's writhing path.
Windreader Sphinx①"Your mind is too filled with foolish concerns to hear the subtle whispers that the breeze brings."
Windreaper Falcon①Watching the windreaper↵-Zhalfirin phrase meaning "daydreaming"
Windrider Eel①"The best spot to hook one is right behind the gills."↵-Rana Cloudwake, kor skyfisher
Windrider Wizard①"It's an ideal method for exploring sky ruins. The drakes sniff me briefly but then lose interest."
Winds of Change①"'Tis the set of sails and not the gales Which tells us the way to go."↵-Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "Winds of Fate"
Winds of Change①"'Tis the set of sails, and not the gales, Which tell us the way to go."↵-Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "Winds of Fate"
Winds of Change①"'Tis the set of sails, and not the gales, Which tells us the way to go."↵-Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Winds of Change①"'Tis the set of sails, and not the gales,/ Which tells us the way to go." -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Winds of Rath①"There shall be a vast shout and then a vaster silence."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Winds of Rebuke①"I have foreseen that you will not pass my trial."
Windscouter①These nimble ships were designed for hit-and-run tactics.
Windseeker Centaur①Loyal and passionate in battle, the Windseeker tribe roams the Green Lands near the Honeyed Sea.
Windstorm Drake①Drakes become especially voracious as they prepare for their autumn migration, hunting the city's thoroughfares from dawn to dusk.
Windstorm①"We don't like interlopers and thieves cluttering our skies."↵-Dionus, elvish archdruid
Windstorm①"When the last dragon fell, its spirit escaped as a roar into the wind."↵-Temur tale
Windswept Heath①Where dragons once roared, their bones now keen.
Windwright Mage①She knows the names and secrets of each of Esper's twenty-three winds.
Wine of Blood and Iron①Godo never revealed what went into his special brew, but he always had more of it after great victories.
Wing Puncture①"If I were the air, I wouldn't taunt the ground. It has the weight advantage."↵-Konnos, Sylvok sage
Wing Shards①Her feathers cut the air, as sharp as they are silent.
Wing Shredder①Her hunger won't be sated until she's tasted every bird on Innistrad.
Wing Snare①"Argoth's doom rained from a clear sky. Yavimaya will not share that fate."↵-Multani, maro-sorcerer
Wing Snare①"We are the hands of the great trees, reaching out to ensnare what threatens their branches."↵-Elvish hunter
Wing Snare①The elves long ago mastered the art of hunting with nets. They call it "fishing the sky."
Wing Splicer①"Progress is our great inheritance, perfection our ultimate destination."
Wing Storm①A thousand wings beating as one can choke the sky itself.
Winged Boots①Get carried away.
Winged Coatl①The nacatl called this new species "vetli," their word for poison arrows.
Winged Hive Tyrant①A hive tyrant's synaptic link is the primary conduit through which the Hive Mind enforces its dominance over a hive fleet's lesser creatures.
Winged Portent①"No, no, it's just a murder of crows, not an omen of murder . . . I think."↵-York, Kessig tracker
Winged Shepherd①"When the Hour of Promise arrives, the God-Pharaoh will tear down the Hekma, for its protection will be needed no longer."↵-*The Accounting of Hours*
Winged Sliver①"Everything around here has cut a deal with gravity."↵-Gerrard of the *Weatherlight*
Winged Sliver①"Everything around here has cut a deal with gravity."↵-Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Winged Words①Magic written across the sky falls like rain on thirsty ground, bringing forth wisdom in its season.
Wingfold Pteron①"Its weak spot is easily spotted, but only if it's swooping down on you."↵-Jonald, mission naturalist
Wings of Aesthir①"For those of courage, even the sky holds no limit."↵-Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Wings of Aesthir①"For those of courage, even the sky holds no limit."↵-Arnjlot Olasson, sky mage
Wings of Hope①Urza knew Phyrexians would come through the air and sent his soldiers to greet them.
Wings of Hubris①Dalakos's invention worked . . . until it didn't.
Wings of Velis Vel①Changeling magic grants unusual wishes.
Wings of the Cosmos①The wolf's startled yelp changed quickly to a howl of elation as she soared over her envious packmates.
Wings of the Guard①Within the city walls, Adriana's falcons hunt vermin of all kinds.
Wingspan Mentor①Their bond grew over time, as did the height of their jumps.
Wingsteed Rider①Trust is the only bridle a pegasus will accept.
Winnow①"Strength in numbers? I think not."↵-Gerrard
Winter Blast①"Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow!" -William Shakespeare, *King Lear*
Winter Blast①"Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow!"↵-William Shakespeare, *King Lear*
Winter Blast①"Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow!"↵-William Shakespeare, King Lear
Winter Eladrin①"If you want a warm welcome, you'll have to seek it elsewhere."
Winter Orb①"How could anyone survive this? There is some force at work that stifles even the will to go on."↵-Naromin, veteran explorer
Winter Orb①"When once winter has ahold,↵Not willingly does she withdraw↵Her icy touch, wistfully caressing-↵The deepened air sleeps its cold."↵-Aline Corralurn, "Late Thaw"
Winter's Grasp①Summer is buried there, centuries deep; A crypt of years where seasons sleep.
Winter's Grasp①Winter settles on the land, and the land prays it will wake.
Winterflame①"The mountains scream with the dragons' throats."↵-Chianul, Who Whispers Twice
Wintermoon Mesa①Dark is light and day is night When the winter moon shines.
Wipe Away①An eyeblink later, all that remained of the tree-beast was the breeze of its momentum.
Wipe Clean①"The light of the Ancestor will scour the taint of darkness from the land."
Wirecat①Its purr is the sound of iron filings sliding down satin.
Wirefly Hive①"The lifespan of a wirefly can be precisely described as 'short.'"↵-Bruenna, Neurok leader
Wirewood Channeler①"Your words are meaningless. The rustling of leaves is the only language that makes any sense."
Wirewood Elf①"The land belongs to nature as far as our eyes can see. The higher we climb, the more we can see."
Wirewood Guardian①Tall as a tree and probably related.
Wirewood Herald①The goblins laughed as the elf ran away, until more came back.
Wirewood Hivemaster①"Most insects have been drawn to the Mirari. But all that remain in Wirewood are under my care."
Wirewood Pride①"Though you may leave this haven we have found, may our strength never leave you."
Wirewood Savage①"She is truly Wirewood's child now."↵-Elvish refugee
Wirewood Symbiote①"Let the wild in. Channel its strength."↵-Freyalise
Wirewood Symbiote①It drinks fatigue.
Wishcoin Crab①"What wishes do they grant? Mostly pinching-related ones."↵-Omik, superintendent of waterworks
Wishful Merfolk①She yearned to walk on dry land so she might take her vengeance there.
Wishmonger①"It's not what you ask for, but how you ask for it."
Wish①"If you had just one wish, what would it be? Gold, or angel song? Finding a lost love, or finding your way back home? Let me sing a song about one wish that came true . . ."↵-Ellywick Tumblestrum
Wistful Selkie①Selkies call to a sea they never swam, in a tongue they never spoke, with a song they never learned.
Wistful Thinking①"To probe the wonders of the multiverse, to gaze upon worlds unspoiled by blade or spell . . . it's enough to make one weep for the possibilities denied."
Wit's End①"Some images are so powerful that one glance burns them into your mind forever. Come, let us gaze on nothingness."↵-Szadek
Wit's End①"Your pathetic ideas lie in shambles, Planeswalker. Where is your arrogant pride now?"↵-Nicol Bolas
Witch Hunt①The accusations spread like hungry flames.
Witch of the Moors①Many hands for many evils.
Witch's Cauldron①The best recipes start with reliable cookware.
Witch's Clinic①Students from other colleges are invited to visit Witherbloom's medical facilities. Not many do.
Witch's Familiar①Some bog witches practice the strange art of batrachomancy, reading portents in the number, size, and color of warts on a toad's hide.
Witch's Mist①"Hear us, Overmother. Let the strong thrive under your gelatinous hand, and let the weak writhe under your serrated heel."↵-Prayer of the devoted
Witch's Oven①The wafting smells are both scrumptious and suspicious.
Witch's Vengeance①The hex swept through the village, its citizens falling one by one.
Witch's Web①Ever since the ritual, Ryla didn't have an appetite at the dinner table, but her long walks in the forest always seemed to satiate her hunger.
Witch-Maw Nephilim①When it awoke, it shattered the hillsides to make way for its passage.
Witches' Eye①The price of prophecy is a vacant eye socket.
Witching Well①It was built by the Witch of Lochmere. Most of the wishes it grants are its own.
Withdraw①"We outnumber them! Charge! Charge! Hey, where'd you guys go? Retreat! Retreat!"
Withengar Unbound①There are not enough lives on Innistrad to satisfy his thirst for retribution.
Witherbloom Apprentice①"All we are-every feeling, every action-powered by a single, delicate little organ. Life is so terrifyingly, beautifully fragile."
Witherbloom Campus①Mage-students fascinated by the energies of life and death choose Witherbloom, the college of essence studies.
Witherbloom Pledgemage①"Death is just a transfer of energy. Those pests I harvested have the honor of becoming pure magic. What could be more beautiful?"
Withercrown①"We'll see each other again soon."↵-Egon, god of death
Withered Wretch①Once it consecrated the dead. Now it desecrates them.
Withering Boon①"Life for life: this is the immutable law."↵-Panya, Granger Guildmage
Withering Gaze①"Nature cares not for the knowledge to be gained from its study. Better to bleed it dry, lest its potential be wasted on lizards and leaves."
Withstand Death①On Mirrodin, every conflict ends in either death or darksteel.
Withstand①"Defense is as much a part of war as offense, the shield as important a tool as the sword."↵-Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Witness of Tomorrows①"As the future slips its way into the present, it ceases to be my concern."
Witness of the Ages①It strode through the clash of dragons, the fall of Ugin, and the rise of the khans.
Witness the End①"Ulamog stood before us at Sea Gate, ready to succumb . . . and then Kozilek arose. Whatever hope I had for our world died."↵-Vandri, Kalastria emissary
Witty Roastmaster①If you're lucky, you'll walk out with just your ego singed.
Wizard Mentor①Although some of the students quickly grasped the concept, the others could summon only blackboards.
Wizard Replica①It responds with unnatural precision.
Wizard's Lightning①"The study of magic began when the first mage taught herself to throw lightning."↵-Naban, dean of iteration
Wizard's Retort①"The second mage learned to dissipate blasts of lightning. Threat and response: thus did the study of magic progress."↵-Naban, dean of iteration
Wizards of the _____①Magic is the name of the game.
Wizards' School①The legacy of Feroz lives on.
Wizened Cenn①"Thoughtweft binds us together as one, part of an intricate pattern that would unravel if even one thread came loose."
Wizened Snitches①"Be careful what information you ask them to find, for it will likely be the subject of tale time at the alehouse."↵-Sirislav, Dimir spy
Woebringer Demon①Each soul he devours adds its hunger to his own.
Woeleecher①One head senses the curse. The second loosens it from the soul. The third drinks it as an invigorating mist.
Wojek Apothecary①"A few arrows aren't enough to pierce your faith, soldier. You'll be back on the battlefield by sun's dawn."
Wojek Bodyguard①"By all means, take another step toward the captain."
Wojek Embermage①"Your brother's crimes are your crimes. You stood by and lent support, so you too must face judgment."
Wojek Halberdiers①Tired of Boros interference, the Rakdos unleashed hellraiser goblins, hoping their corpses would weigh down the halberds.
Wojek Siren①It is the call to arms, the call to fury, the call to blood.
Wolf Strike①Tovolar's howlpack had scattered, but the Dire-Strain survivors were still on the hunt.
Wolf in _____ Clothing①"And to think, I came in here looking for someone to eat."
Wolf of Devil's Breach①"How can werewolves be considered abominations next to such creatures?"↵-Arlinn Kord
Wolf's Quarry①"The monster was gaining on them. Twice it had found them. There was only one place left to hide."↵-*Tales of the Fae*
Wolf-Skull Shaman①A chorus of howls answers his call.
Wolfcaller's Howl①"Knowledge is a stain that only instinct and ferocity can cleanse."↵-Drarg, wolfcaller
Wolfhunter's Quiver①"Steel in the heart, silver in the bow."↵-Wolfhunter's creed
Wolfir Avenger①Released from a dark curse and bound to a higher calling.
Wolfkin Outcast①The villagers feared him. The cathars scorned him. Only in the wilds did he find a family that accepted him.
Wolverine Pack①"Give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils." -William Shakespeare, *King Henry V*
Wolverine Pack①"Give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils."↵-William Shakespeare, *King Henry V*
Wolverine Riders①"We'll break their lines. The rest of you, follow!"
Wonder①"It fell silently from the sky and broke the surface without a ripple. Was it even here at all?"↵-Fisherman's journal
Wonder①"The awestruck birds gazed at Wonder. Slowly, timidly, they rose into the air."↵-*Scroll of Beginnings*
Wonder①"The awestruck birds gazed at Wonder. Slowly, timidly, they rose into the air."↵-Scroll of Beginnings
Wood Elves①Every branch a crossroads, every vine a swift steed.
Wood Elves①Secure in the embrace of wood, they want no part of Eladamri's war.
Wood Elves①Through the waves of Eldrazi attacks, the Murasan jungles seemed to regrow as soon as they were destroyed.
Woodborn Behemoth①It carries the hopes of Zendikar's embattled wilds on its mighty boughs.
Woodcutter's Grit①The magic used by Kessigers is known for its practical applications.
Wooded Bastion①The elves of Wilt-Leaf Wood continually expand the palisade surrounding the sanctuary. They hope to one day enclose the entire forest within its walls.
Wooded Foothills①Where dragons' breath once burned, their bones now freeze.
Wooded Ridgeline①The power of long-forgotten empires still pulses in the earth of Dominaria, giving rise to strange, mana-rich pockets of growth.
Wooden Sphere①Strengthened by a thousand limbs.
Woodland Cemetery①"They never found the body of young Josu, or that of his murderous sister."↵-"The Fall of the House of Vess"
Woodland Cemetery①Farmers cut the trees and buried their dead. The dead rose up and killed the farmers. The trees grew back and strangled the dead.
Woodland Champion①"Every footfall on the forest floor is a heartbeat sending strength into my veins."
Woodland Changeling①Changelings cannot resist the draw of a new shape, even if doing so would be in their best interests.
Woodland Chasm①"Is this the grave of a god? A tunnel carved by the Cosmos Serpent? It matters not. It is no place for us."↵-Iskene, Kannah storyteller
Woodland Druid①What is a tree? Slow hard thought. What is a flower? Swift soft flesh. What is a druid? Both.
Woodland Mystic①"I sing to the branches, and they reach to the sky. I sing to the leaves, and they open to the sun. I sing to the roots, and they dig their fingers deep. I sing the song that creation sung."
Woodland Patrol①Each had seen friends and family taken by the corruption, so each carried an axe at the other's request.
Woodland Sleuth①"Whatever did this is near. Death reversion has not yet occurred. Be alert!"
Woodland Stream①"Bolas's power on this plane can't be absolute. Look around you."↵-Nissa Revane
Woodland Stream①Countless streams flow into the nine rivers, and the nine rivers flow into the Great River. The River Heralds guard them all.
Woodland Stream①Two creaking waterwheels herald the approach to Briarbridge through the Ulvenwald.
Woodland Stream①Waterways carve their routes through the land to reflect the paths the aether streams cut through the clouds.
Woodland Wanderer①"The elements understand better than anyone that actions speak louder than words."↵-Gideon Jura
Woodlot Crawler①"We learned something from the Simic. Unfortunately for them."↵-Nefara, Dimir agent
Woodlurker Mimic①A mimic's disguise fools its victims just long enough to draw them within range of its venomous tentacles.
Woodwraith Corrupter①"Its darkened sap penetrates natural fibers and spreads its own genes. Emulation experiments are underway."↵-Simic research notes
Woodwraith Strangler①"Nothing could be more natural than roots sucking nourishment from the dead."↵-Savra
Woolly Loxodon①Even among the hardiest warriors of the Temur, loxodons are respected for their adaptation to the mountain snows.
Woolly Mammoths①"Mammoths may be good to ride on, but they're certainly bad to fall off of!"↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Woolly Spider①"We need not fear the forces of the air; I've yet to see a Spider without an appetite."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Woolly Spider①"We need not fear the forces of the air; I've yet to see a spider without an appetite."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Woolly Thoctar①One of the most ferocious and deadly gargantuans, the thoctar never sees its worshippers, but it often awakens surrounded by gifts and sacrifices.
Word of Binding①"That was the worst experience of my days, standing there helpless as they killed my whole troop." -Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Word of Binding①"That was the worst experience of my days: standing there helpless as they killed my whole troop."↵-Maeveen O'Donagh, *Memoirs of a Soldier*
Word of Blasting①"Walls? What walls?"↵-Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Word of Blasting①"Walls? What walls?"↵-Jaya Ballard, task mage
Word of Seizing①"Obey!"
Word of Undoing①"It was in Urza's journals that I finally found the secret at the core of the summonings."↵-Journal, author unknown
Wordmail①"Suck on it, Stangg!"↵-Sol'kanar the Swamp King
Words of War①"Passions can't be shackled by laws or mastered with logic. The choice is freedom or death."↵-*Volume IV, The Book of Fire*
Words of Waste①"Terror corrupts order and paralyzes instinct."↵-*Volume III, The Book of Decay*
Words of Wilding①"Instinct is undaunted by terror, unchained by logic. It is the path from which all other paths diverge."↵-*Volume V, The Book of Life*
Words of Wind①"Be logical in all things. Do not allow instinct or passion to cloud your mind."↵-*Volume II, The Book of Insight*
Words of Wisdom①Knowledge can't be kept in a bottle or sealed in a box. It yearns to be spread and shared.
Words of Worship①"The faithful don't succumb to terror, nor are they ruled by passion. They adhere to order, for order is life."↵-*Volume I, The Book of Faith*
Work a Double①Ig and Burf discovered the technique by accident when Burf reached for his hammer and missed.
Working Stiff①Oh, does your nose itch?
Workshop Assistant①Sometimes the smallest things make the biggest difference.
Workshop Elders①"Fear not what's under the bed. The toys are watching."↵-*Beyond the Great Henge*
World Queller①"Why fight the world when you know who will win?"↵-Nissa Revane
World Shaper①"The Great River will not be tamed."
World-Bottling Kit①YOUR AD HERE
World-Weary①Intent: This is an abstract depiction of a spell that causes a person to rapidly age.
Worldfire①Even the smallest spark may set a world ablaze.
Worldly Counsel①Every horizon hides a new possibility.
Worldly Tutor①"A single chord brings them to heel. A whole song, and they dance."↵-Yisan, the wanderer bard
Worldly Tutor①"Aselbo soon had the rhino eating from his palm and the snake waiting at his heels."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Worldpurge①The Aurora is not the only magic capable of remaking a world.
Worldslayer①"If that is what you seek, try looking in craters."↵-Fodrus, mastersmith
Wormfang Newt①Spawned by mages emulating the insane.
Wormfang Turtle①Chainer's admirers keep his dreams alive.
Wormhole Serpent①After drownings, devourings, and one highly unpleasant algae infestation, unsupervised portal use on campus was banned.
Worms of the Earth①The ground collapsed, leaving nothing but the great Worms' mucous residues.
Worn Powerstone①"Power comes in many shapes. But real power does the shaping."↵-Abaddon the Despoiler
Worn Powerstone①Even a fragment of a powerstone contains within it not just energy, but space -vast dimensions trapped in fragile crystal.
Worn Powerstone①Even a fragment of a powerstone contains within it not just energy, but space-vast dimensions trapped in fragile crystal.
Worship①"Believe in the ideal, not the idol."↵-Serra
Worship①Even after all that befell Amonkhet, Gideon never believed that his trust in Oketra was misplaced.
Worst Fears①Elspeth feared that her trespass into Nyx would not go unanswered.
Wort, Boggart Auntie①Auntie always knows which berries to lick, which kithkin to trick, and what to do when either goes wrong.
Worthy Knight①Every Ardenvale aspirant must step through the flame. Their honor determines whether they burn or shine.
Wound Reflection①The greater the suffering, the sweeter the taste.
Wound Reflection①The mission of the Nighthearth, Illulia's cult of murderous cinders, is to intensify every pain suffered in Shadowmoor.
Wrack with Madness①The skathul, spirits consumed by revenge, fester and seethe while looking for weak minds to assault.
Wrangle①Gremlins are loyal to nothing but their next meal.
Wrap in Flames①"Our pyromancer's flames may not have killed them, but they bought us the time we needed."↵-*The War Diaries*
Wrap in Flames①Bright flames quell the darkest nightmares.
Wrap in Vigor①Some nature mages unknowingly took advantage of the temporal energies still swirling on Dominaria. What they mistook for healing magic was in fact the manipulation of time.
Wrath of God①"As flies to wanton boys, are we to the gods. They kill us for their sport."↵-William Shakespeare, *King Lear*
Wrath of God①Legend speaks of the lost coastal polis of Olantin, whose inhabitants' hubris enraged the sun god Heliod.
Wrath of God①Watch the skies.
Wrath of Marit Lage①"Marit Lage lies frozen in a glacier's heart. Still her dreams take form in our world, stealing the heat from our souls."↵-Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Wrath of Marit Lage①Dread Marit Lage lies dreaming, not dead.
Wrathful Jailbreaker①"And now I'm coming for you!"
Wrathful Red Dragon①"We'll put it all back! The gems, the gold, the chalice that would've looked great on my mantle; we'll put everythi-"
Wreak Havoc①"Crush them!"↵-Borborygmos
Wreath of Geists①Before you travel the woods of Kessig, first get permission from those who died trying.
Wrecking Ball①Rakdos festivals almost leave enough rubble in their wake to hide the bodies.
Wrecking Beast①"The best construction makes the most satisfying destruction."↵-Domri Rade
Wrecking Crew①They built the neighborhood. They know its weak points. They know all the hiding places. When they come for you, they'll find you and bring the roof down on your head.
Wrecking Ogre①If no opponent can be found, ogres of the Bolrac Clan will often pick fights with buildings.
Wren's Run Hydra①The boggart hopped carelessly among the roots . . . until the roots woke up.
Wrench Mind①What is the sound of one head snapping?
Wrench-Rigger①Goblin innovator, goblin corpse. Tomayto, tomahto.
Wretched Anurid①The only prince inside this frog is the one it ate.
Wretched Banquet①"The meek inherit nothing."↵-Sedris, the Traitor King
Wretched Camel①Perfectly adapted to cross the wastes in life, they bring the wastes with them in death.
Wretched Throng①"Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no, again!"↵-Beltstad, cathar recruit, last words
Wring Flesh①"Don't blame me. You're the one walking around with skin."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Wring Flesh①"You shouldn't be so attached to something as fragile as flesh."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Writhing Necromass①"We sent three of our best legions! You're telling me no one came back?"↵-Tori D'Avenant
Wrong Turn①Its bewildered bellow was met with a stern "shh."
Wu Admiral①The Wu kingdom's well-trained admirals were integral to the Southlands' victory at Red Cliffs as well as the kingdom's defense.
Wu Elite Cavalry①At the second battle of Ruxu, the brave Wu general Gan Ning raided Cao Cao's camp of 400,000 men with only 100 cavalry. Not a single man or horse was lost.
Wu Infantry①The first battle of Hefei was Sun Quan's last as a field general. From then on he let his generals command in the field while he directed battle from behind the front lines.
Wu Light Cavalry①A cunning strategist, Cao Ren tricked Zhou Yu by letting him enter Nanjun. Zhou Yu thought he was capturing the city until Cao Ren's arrows rained down upon him.
Wu Warship①Both Wu and Wei warships patrolled the Yangtze River, the natural border between the two kingdoms.
Wurm's Tooth①"The great wurm bit down on me. Instead of being crunched bloody, I slid into the space where its tooth was missing. One tooth-a boon most potent, indeed."↵-*The Tall Tales of Oleander*
Wurm's Tooth①A wurm knows nothing of deception. If it opens its mouth, it plans to eat you.
Wurm's Tooth①Jevna Nor lugged it around, bragging of his triumph over the wurm. Luckily, the tavern regulars didn't notice it was only a baby tooth.
Wurmskin Forger①It takes three weeks for a patrol of hunters to down a slagwurm. It takes just as long to make a single cut in its hide.
Wurmweaver Coil①Some use magic to spy through walls. Others use it to crush them.
Wydwen, the Biting Gale①In a world of bright, cloudless skies, she is the dark storm on the horizon.
Wyleth, Soul of Steel①"Two things a warrior needs: a strong sword and a strong will."
Wyluli Wolf①"When one wolf calls, others follow. Who wants to fight creatures that eat scorpions?" -Maimun al-Wyluli, *Diary*
Wyluli Wolf①"When one wolf calls, others follow. Who wants to fight creatures that eat scorpions?"↵-Maimun al-Wyluli, diary
Xander's Lounge①Maestros agents can lie low in high style at the opulent Shadow Hostel.
Xantcha①A Phyrexian "sleeper agent," Xantcha has developed an inviolate sense of self. This aberration earned her a death sentence, but she was rescued by Urza and joined his crusade. Her Phyrexian credo of "Waste not, want not" has helped Urza more than even he comprehends.
Xanthic Statue①"Until you have lived as a statue, do not talk to me of pigeons."↵-Karn, silver golem
Xantid Swarm①When they land on you, all you can think about is tearing them off.
Xathrid Necromancer①"My commands shall echo forever in their dusty skulls."
Xathrid Slyblade①Designed by Rob Pardo
Xenograft①"I despise Vorinclex and his slobberings about 'evolution.' Only I know true progress."↵-Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Xenosquirrels①"Hey Glaxxar, did you remember to seal the vents on the seat belt control module?"↵-Truss, chief engineer
Xira Arien①A regular guest at the Royal Masquerade, Arien is the envy of the Court. She appears in a new costume every hour.
Xorn①Xorns are native to the Elemental Plane of Earth, where gems and rare stones are plentiful. When summoned elsewhere they can be quite destructive in search of food.
Xun Yu, Wei Advisor①"A splendid talent, admired of all men! His folly lay in serving Cao Cao's power."
Yahenni's Expertise①"The Consulate pushed me to my limit, darling, and this is the result."
Yahenni, Undying Partisan①"The time for subtlety is over, darling."
Yargle, Glutton of Urborg①When Belzenlok's lieutenant Yar-Kul grew too ambitious, the Demonlord transformed him into a maggot. The frog that ate the maggot grew and grew, until a ravenous spirit burst from its body.
Yarok's Fenlurker①"Yarok's nightmares lurk and wait↵Where dark despair is near at hand."↵-*Lament for Bala Ged*, stanza 3
Yarok's Wavecrasher①"Yarok's waters rush and rage↵Where armies bled into the sand."↵-*Lament for Bala Ged*, stanza 2
Yarok, the Desecrated①"Yarok grieves within the waste↵Of Bala Ged's corrupted land."↵-*Lament for Bala Ged*, stanza 1
Yasharn, Implacable Earth①In its hoofprints, barren dust becomes fertile ground.
Yavimaya Ancients①"The Ancients teach us that if we can but last, we shall prevail."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Ancients①"The Ancients teach us that if we can but last, we shall prevail."↵-Kaysa,↵elder druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Ancients①"We orphans of Fyndhorn have found no welcome in this alien place."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Yavimaya Ancients①"We orphans of Fyndhorn have found no welcome in this alien place."↵-Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Yavimaya Ants①"Few natural forces are as devastating as hunger."↵-Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Ants①"Few natural forces are as devastating as hunger."↵-Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Barbarian①Not all elves embrace the pastoral life. Some still roam the forest's edge, forever making war against their hated enemies.
Yavimaya Coast①As magnigoth trees expanded across the sea into Almaaz and New Argive, it became clear Yavimaya's borders were never confined by its coastline.
Yavimaya Dryad①The parched earth still shielded those few souls with the heart to call it home.
Yavimaya Enchantress①From each seed, a world. From each world, a thousand seeds.
Yavimaya Enchantress①Her roots connect her to the forest's wishes.
Yavimaya Gnats①"It is our third day of travel on the Yavimaya River, and still these creatures plague us. Davin Lansson, our naturalist, has facetiously labeled them 'gnats,' and the name has stuck."↵-Disa the Restless, journal entry
Yavimaya Hollow①For all its traps and defenses, Yavimaya has its havens, too.
Yavimaya Iconoclast①Steel weapons hold a forbidden allure to some of the younger Yavimayans.
Yavimaya Kavu①Kavu hunt prey in packs-one kavu hunts a pack of prey.
Yavimaya Sapherd①"When their community grows cluttered, thallids begin a traditional bobbing dance, then trek out in all directions."↵-*Sarpadian Empires, vol. III*
Yavimaya Scion①Each time the saw blade bit, the tree spat it out.
Yavimaya Sojourner①To the long-lived treefolk, the Phyrexians invading again after only three centuries was as though they never left.
Yavimaya Wurm①Anywhere else, colossal. In the forests of Yavimaya, commonplace.
Yavimaya Wurm①When the gorilla playfully grabbed the wurm's tail, the wurm doubled back and playfully ate the gorilla's head.
Yavimaya, Cradle of Growth①"Multani's heart is a seed, and all of Yavimaya is its flower. There is as much life here as in the rest of Dominaria together."↵-Karn
Yawgmoth's Bargain①He craves only one commodity.
Yawgmoth's Edict①"Phyrexia's purity permits no other."↵-Xantcha, Phyrexian outcast
Yawgmoth's Edict①The warping of bodies and souls has become the heart of Yawgmoth's existence.
Yawgmoth's Vile Offering①Centuries ago, a mad god offered a simple trade.
Yawning Fissure①The mapmaker scowled. He sighed, unrolled his parchment, and painted a large black blob where the Eternal Meadow was once marked.
Yedora, Grave Gardener①"Even in death, we never stop growing."
Yellow Scarves General①Zhang Jue, leader of the Yellow Scarves rebellion, was a Taoist master and tutored his soldiers in those arts.
Yellow Scarves Troops①Over 500,000 commoners followed Zhang Jue, General of Heaven, in his attempt to overthrow the corrupt Han dynasty.
Yennett, Cryptic Sovereign①She talks using riddles her disciples alone can unravel.
Yet Another Aether Vortex①It puts the "vortex" in "flavortext."
Yeva's Forcemage①"Nature can't be stopped. It rips and tears at Ravnica's tallest buildings to claim its place in the sun."
Yeva, Nature's Herald①"I can call an army to my side in the blink of an eye. Best not blink."
Yew Spirit①"I wonder what dwelled in the primordial forests before humans existed."↵-Elder Rimheit
Yisan, the Wanderer Bard①Designed by Brian Fargo
Yixlid Jailer①"I have an eternity to know the souls who are bound here, to behold their every facet. But moments from now they will be gagged and masked, and they shall be known by none other."
Yixlid Jailer①He holds the keys to a tombful of incarcerated secrets.
Yoke of the Damned①The demon's yoke is part leash, part noose.
Yoked Ox①It was in fields of grain, not fields of battle, that the Champion learned to bear the yoke of duty to the gods. She worked the land long before she was called on to defend it.↵-*The Theriad*
Yoked Ox①The courage of those who work the land is born of long days of labor in the hot summer sun and the cold winter wind. It is the courage of the earth itself.
Yoked Plowbeast①"It is sacrilege to confine a gargantuan to the grinding of straight lines. I will pray that it remembers who is the master of this land."↵-Syeena, elvish godtoucher
Yomiji, Who Bars the Way①"As I died, I rejoiced. I would see my family again. But then I woke up back on the battlefield. Back in Kamigawa. Back in hell."↵-Kenzo the Hardhearted
Yore-Tiller Nephilim①When it awoke, the worms of the earth hissed in a chorus of beckoning.
Yosei, the Morning Star①The caress of the morning star frees all from the clutch of darkness.
Yoshimaru, Ever Faithful①Day after day he sat there, knowing that the Wanderer would soon be back for him.
Yotian Soldier①After Kroog was destroyed while most of its defenders were at his side, Urza vowed that none of his allies would ever need to fear for their own defense again, even while laying siege to a city far from their homes.
Yotian Soldier①Poets dream the verses of otherworldly stories. Artificers dream the blueprints of otherplanar artifacts.
You Are Already Dead①So swift and sharp was his blade that the ogre never even felt the cut.
You Come to the Gnoll Camp①"Easy now, everyone. I'll take care of this."↵-Nadaar
You Find the Villains' Lair①"Give me just a moment! I almost have it."
You See a Guard Approach①"Looks like we've got company."
You See a Pair of Goblins①"I have the shot. Shall I take it?"↵-Varis, Silverymoon ranger
You're Ambushed on the Road①"Hand over your loot and no one gets hurt!"
You're Confronted by Robbers①Their only mistake was giving the bard time to speak.
Young Blue Dragon①"I see the far side of tomorrow and the lost memories of queens. What do you wish to learn?"
Young Necromancer①"Who needs imaginary friends when you've got dead ones?"
Young Pyromancer①"Why do they say you shouldn't play with fire? Fire is the best thing to play with!"
Young Pyromancer①Immolation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Young Red Dragon①For most, deadly. For a dragon, decadent.
Young Wei Recruits①"To send the common people to war untrained is to throw them away."↵-Confucius, *The Analects* (trans. Lau)
Young Wei Recruits①"To send the common people to war untrained is to throw them away."↵-Confucius, The Analects (trans. Lau)
Young Wolf①The Ulvenwald makes no allowances for youth. Today's newborn is either tomorrow's hunter or tomorrow's lunch.
Your Fate Is Thrice Sealed①"I can't abide laziness. Arise, forces of nature, and serve your master!"
Your Puny Minds Cannot Fathom①"I have seen far beyond this imperfect world, into a tomorrow that doesn't include you."
Your Temple Is Under Attack①"You trespass on sacred ground, monster. Leave while you still can."
Your Will Is Not Your Own①"Fool. I'll show you how to use that thing."
Youthful Knight①"In the wilds, your true training will begin."↵-Syr Alin, the Lion's Claw
Youthful Knight①"Let no child be without a sword. We will all fight, for if we fail, we will certainly all die."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Youthful Knight①Idealism fits him better than his armor.
Youthful Scholar①"Too dumb, and you end up a sibsig. Too smart, and you end up a meal. Mediocrity is the key to a long life."↵-Mogai, Silumgar noble
Youthful Valkyrie①Before she is admitted to the host of Starnheim, a young valkyrie must learn a thousand tales of her ancestors.
Yuan-Ti Fang-Blade①"The air is sweet with the taste of your fear."
Yuan-Ti Malison①Silent. Slithering. Sinister.
Yukora, the Prisoner①It took ninety-nine monks to weave the spell that trapped Yukora. Upon the death of the ninety-nine, the spell was broken, and the demon returned to the mortal world seeking vengeance for its imprisonment.
Yule Ooze①It loves having family for dinner.
Yurlok of Scorch Thrash①The gifts of Jund never come without a price.
Zada's Commando①"There's a word for someone who brings too much gear to battle: 'survivor.'"↵-Zada of Slab Haven
Zada, Hedron Grinder①"A hedron holds magic for a thousand years-or less, if need be."
Zagoth Crystal①From the fertile muck of Zagoth, everything-animal, botanical, and crystalline-grows with rugged beauty.
Zagoth Mamba①"It's just a snake. A many-eyed snake with venom that turns your blood to smoke, but still, just a snake."↵-Kinnan, bonder prodigy
Zagoth Triome①Hunters in the primeval wetlands become fluent in reading the ripples to tell when to pursue and when to flee.
Zahid, Djinn of the Lamp①"I do as I please, little mortal. Do go on about your wishes, though-they amuse me to no end."
Zalto, Fire Giant Duke①Fire giants love to fight on a large scale, and Duke Zalto is one of the greatest warmongers of his age.
Zamriel, Seraph of Steel①Armored in courage and armed with searing light, her legion stands unflinching against the forces of darkness.
Zap①"All this time I thought Squee was useless," chuckled Sisay. "Who knew he'd be such a good shot?"
Zar Ojanen, Scion of Efrava①"I carry my home in my heart."
Zarichi Tiger①"The taming and consecration of these creatures is evidence of our faith."↵-Resimir, Zarichi Temple priest
Zealot of the God-Pharaoh①The God-Pharaoh's most devoted took it upon themselves to follow his example.
Zealots en-Dal①"Great chains shall free our warriors."↵-Oracle *en*-Vec
Zealous Guardian①Parapet watchers patrol the outer edges of the doun, signaling to others who wait patiently in shadow.
Zealous Inquisitor①"I only return what rightly belongs to another."
Zealous Inquisitor①Wine and balm for the confessions of the repentant. Razors and irons for the confessions of the unrepentant.
Zealous Persecution①"Jharic returned from Grixis changed, a haunted look in her eyes. She destroyed them with an unholy glee that made me shudder."↵-Knight-Captain Wyhorn
Zealous Persecution①"Rejoice! Your vile blood will help fulfill our righteous cause."
Zealous Strike①"Cower, fiend. The night is yours no longer."
Zebra Unicorn①"I'll capture gentle zebras / for your steeds and fill the stable with every kind of unicorn."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Zelyon Sword①No sheath shall hold what finds its home in flesh.
Zendikar Farguide①Expeditions follow the paths it leaves in its wake.
Zendikar Incarnate①"Her people angered Zendikar, and they faced the land's wrath. That is why Nissa is the last of the animists."↵-Numa, Joraga chieftain
Zendikar's Roil①"I was wrong. Zendikar isn't after me. It isn't after any of us. It's not evil or vengeful. It's magnificent . . . but it's in pain."↵-Nissa Revane
Zenith Flare①"I defy this world to try our defenses now. Send pterons and skycats. Send Vadrok!"↵-Janae, Coppercoat architect
Zenith Seeker①Only from the sky can one fully understand the horrors of the wastes and the wonder of the Hekma's protection.
Zephid's Embrace①Spells will shun you, as will everyone else.
Zephid①Once you've seen one, you'll understand why spells won't go near them.
Zephyr Charge①"All armies prefer high ground to low and sunny places to dark."↵-Sun Tzu, *Art of War*, trans. Giles
Zephyr Charge①"The knights charged forward on wings of wind, and the necromancer's horde roared in helpless rage."↵-Krinnea, *Siege of the Bone Spire*
Zephyr Falcon①Although greatly prized among falconers, the Zephyr Falcon is capricious and not easily tamed.
Zephyr Falcon①Although greatly prized among falconers, the zephyr falcon is capricious and not easily tamed.
Zephyr Net①Faeries hang beings that interest them as ornaments in the sky, each clique competing to outshine the prize of the last.
Zephyr Scribe①"Ojutai's rule has allowed Tarkir's monks to learn from the truly enlightened."↵-Sarkhan Vol
Zephyr Spirit①A spiteful force exists on Ravnica that binds these ghosts to the land of the living but forbids them to touch it.
Zephyr Sprite①"I've never understood why so many beings lumber around on the ground. There are three dimensions, yet they use only two."
Zerapa Minotaur①There's no difference between bone and crystal when it's piercing your throat.
Zeriam, Golden Wind①"For their courage, the griffins were granted domain over all the desert skies."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Zetalpa, Primal Dawn①The sky takes flight and the earth trembles.
Zhalfirin Commander①"Command is the act of balancing on a vine and convincing others that it is firm ground."↵-Sidar Jabari
Zhalfirin Crusader①"War is the crucible of leadership."↵-Rashida Scalebane
Zhalfirin Decoy①"Never let them take their eyes off you."↵-Sidar Jabari
Zhalfirin Knight①"You returned a warrior. . . . Your hair was cut, your eye tattooed with the red triangle of war."↵-"Love Song of Night and Day"
Zhalfirin Void①"The wind whispers, 'come home,' but I cannot."↵-Teferi
Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior①Zhang Fei's uncharacteristic alliance with a defeated Riverlands general, Yan Yan, allowed Shu forces to advance through forty-five Riverlands strongpoints with no casualties.
Zhao Zilong, Tiger General①Zhao Zilong was a brave and noble warrior. Twice he rescued Liu Bei's son, Liu Shan.
Zhentarim Bandit①"The Zhentarim are ruthless, unscrupulous, and dishonest. But I must admit, they are effective."↵-Commander Liara Portyr
Zhou Yu, Chief Commander①"After making me, Zhou Yu, did you have to make Kongming?"↵-Zhou Yu crying to heaven on his deathbed
Zhuge Jin, Wu Strategist①When Zhuge Jin proposed the marriage of Guan Yu's daugher and Sun Quan's heir, Guan Yu's arrogant refusal led to disaster.
Zhur-Taa Ancient①Many Ravnicans think of nature as orderly groves and elf-tended rot farms. They haven't seen the Gruul wilds.
Zhur-Taa Druid①"Only the decadent think magic should be pristine and without cost."
Zhur-Taa Goblin①Among the Zhur-Taa Clan, goblins are the first to enter battlefury. When the battle is over, the survivors are still frothing at the mouth, looking for someone to hit.
Zhur-Taa Swine①Gurley was the first to domesticate one, though his widow didn't take much solace in that accomplishment.
Ziatora's Proving Ground①Restless Riveteers can always find a sparring partner in the sprawling Treza warehouse.
Zilortha, Strength Incarnate①"Many thought they knew its weakness. They are dead."↵-Kelsien, the Plague
Zimone, Quandrix Prodigy①"What are they complaining about? It's not like axiomatic leyline paratrigonometrics is hard."
Zndrsplt's Judgment①Zndrsplt retired from officiating when she teamed up with Okaun, but she still knows the penalties better than anyone else.
Zo-Zu the Punisher①"He can cause a lot of pain and do it with no fuss. That's all good, but I just wish he didn't do it to us!"↵-Ku-Ku, akki poet
Zo-Zu the Punisher①He does not tolerate intruders.
Zodiac Dog①". . . Jiang Wei alone still strove with might and main: / Nine times more he fought the north-in vain. . . ."
Zodiac Dragon①". . . The kingdoms three are now the stuff of dream, / For men to ponder, past all praise or blame."
Zodiac Dragon①". . . The kingdoms three are now the stuff of dream,/ For men to ponder, past all praise or blame."
Zodiac Goat①". . . Near death in Baidi, having reigned three years, / Bei sadly placed his son in Kongming's care. . . ."
Zodiac Horse①". . . 'First take Jingzhou, next the Riverlands; / On that rich region, base your own royal stand.' . . ."
Zodiac Monkey①". . . By six offensives from the hills of Qi Kongming sought to change Han's destiny. . . ."
Zodiac Monkey①It lives mainly on fruit, leaves, and the occasional nose.
Zodiac Ox①". . . Cao's abdication changed the face of all; / No mighty battles marked the Southland's fall. . . ."
Zodiac Pig①". . . Zhong Hui and Deng Ai next led armies west: / And to the Cao, Han's hills and streams now passed. . . ."
Zodiac Rabbit①". . . The world's affairs rush on, an endless stream; / A sky-told fate, infinite in reach, dooms all. . . ."
Zodiac Rat①" . . . Cao Pi, Cao Rui, Fang, Mao, and briefly, Huan- / The Sima took the empire in their turn. . . ."
Zodiac Rooster①". . . But the time of Han had run-could he [Kongming] not tell?- / That night his master star fell past the hills. . . ."
Zodiac Snake①"Thrice Xuande's ardent quest led to Nanyang, / Where Sleeping Dragon unveiled Han's partition: . . ."
Zodiac Tiger①". . . Three kings no more-Chenliu, Guiming, Anle. / The fiefs and posts must now be filled anew. . . ."
Zoetic Cavern①Nothing lives within it, yet there is life.
Zof Bloodbog①"Look at this place. What more evidence do you require that existence is bleak and meaningless?"↵-Voshk, oblivion priest
Zof Consumption①"Annihilation surrounds us. Our call is to embrace its ceaseless hunger."↵-Voshk, oblivion priest
Zof Shade①It haunts the remnants of the Helix of Zof, leeching strength from the vast Eldrazi ruin.
Zof Shade①Shades are drawn to places of power, often rooting themselves in a single area to feed.
Zombie Apocalypse①"There will come a day so dark you will pray for death. On that day your prayers will be answered."↵-Minaldra, the Vizag Atum
Zombie Assassin①"Zombies don't kill. They recruit."↵-Braids, dementia summoner
Zombie Boa①It doesn't need to feed, but still it hungers.
Zombie Brute①Measure its determination by the screams of its prey.
Zombie Cannibal①Nothing is sacred to the undead-not even their own kind.
Zombie Cutthroat①The single-mindedness of a zombie, the cunning of an assassin.
Zombie Fanboy①The real advantage of being a zombie gamer? No one notices the stench.
Zombie Goliath①"Phirax of Blood Ridge has sent a war giant at us? What, do I have to spell it out for you? Kill the giant, scoop out its skull, and drive it back to Blood Ridge. Honestly, what kind of necromancer minions are you?"↵-Keren-Dur, necromancer lord
Zombie Goliath①"Removing the encumbrance of useless brain tissue grants several advantages: a slight increase in mobility, a response of revulsion and horror from the enemy, and, in the case of large specimens, room for passengers."↵-Zul Ashur, lich lord
Zombie Infestation①The nomads' funeral pyres are more practical than ceremonial.
Zombie Master①He controlled the zombies even before his own death; now nothing can make them betray him.
Zombie Master①They say the Zombie Master controlled these foul creatures even before his own death, but now that he is one of them, nothing can make them betray him.
Zombie Musher①The World Spell thawed their icy graves, promising rest in soft, quiet earth at last. But Heidar called them to duty for a twisted cause.
Zombie Ogre①"On the plus side, Throg no longer thinks he's clever."↵-Xanathar
Zombie Outlander①The ripe smell of life drifted into Grixis. The dead caught the scent and with reckless hunger followed it back into Jund.
Zombie Scavengers①"Pick a shell upon my shore and put it to your ear. That sound isn't the sea, but the whispers of the fallen."↵-Crovax
Zombie Trailblazer①Some zombies are natural-reborn leaders.
Zombify①"The first birth celebrates life. The second birth mocks it."↵-Mystic elder
Zoological Study①The detail really makes the monsters jump off the page.
Zoologist①"With friends like these, who needs people?"
Zuberi, Golden Feather①"If the griffins tell of their gods, perhaps they speak of feathers bright as the Sun."↵-Afari, *Tales*
Zulaport Chainmage①The chains obey her. Everything else would do best to get out of her way.
Zulaport Cutthroat①"Eldrazi? Ha! Try walking through Zulaport at night with your pockets full. Now *that's* dangerous."
Zur the Enchanter①"Now they always say 'Congratulations'"
Zur the Enchanter①Zur remained aloof from Terisiare's suffering, intent only on his own perfection.
Zuran Enchanter①"We are Kjeldorans no more."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Zuran Orb①"I will go to any length to achieve my goal. Eternal life is worth any sacrifice."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Zuran Orb①"Obsession is Zur's one flaw as a magic user. His total preoccupation with immortality has become an affliction for his otherwise brilliant mind."↵-Jodah, Archmage Eternal
Zuran Spellcaster①"A mage must be precise as well as potent; cautious, as well as clever."↵-Zur the Enchanter
Zzzyxas's Abyss①Tired of always being picked last, the wizard Zzzyxas created the ultimate revenge.
_____ Balls of Fire①Employees were instructed to refer to meteor showers as "impromptu fireworks."
_____ Bird Gets the Worm①It's not like anyone else really wanted it.
_____ Goblin①The Astrotorium has never been a place for self-restraint.
_____ _____ _____ Trespasser①"All you gotta do is walk with purpose. And run with purpose. And clear a five-foot gate with purpose."
_____-o-saurus①"Petting in the petting zoo is not advised."↵-Astrotorium waiver
_____①{1}: This card's flavor text becomes the flavor text of your choice. (This ability doesn't work because it's flavor text, not rules text (but neither does this reminder text, so you figure it out).)
capital offense①part basket case, all lowercase.
develop①Having completed the first of his two tasks, for him the question remained whether this giant penis sculpture was worth $1 more or $1 less than what used to be there...
explorer①But I hardly even know 'er!
⓪≚≚≚≚≚≙≙≚≚≙≙ World Champion①It takes great sacrifice to make it to the top.